Back in Golmars, Din was off healing the sick in the slums and talking with
anyone who would respond about what guards might be easy enough to slip past or
have them turn a blind eye. He was able to find out that Englehart could be
bought out to skip one of his rounds and that Kevin is keen to let those with
stunning beauty by, but that he was also terrified of dogs. While this was
happening, Ryllae made his way to the nearest general store to pay for Vir to
send a letter of response back to Lady Durprois, saying that he'd be on the case
of the frozen bath water within a fortnight. As he was leaving, Zerrias rushed
into town bumping into him, and frantically spewing that the party had to come
together quickly to help him, as Aster had been kidnapped by the Ballad of the
Champions.

Ryllae and Zerrias raced off to the slums to find Din, informed him of the
situation, and then came up with a quick plan of Din riding ahead on Peggi, as
it looked like Zerrias had taken a bit of a beating. He took off, letting Ryllae
and Zerrias travel behind on foot, and found the location where Toril had turned
into Aster, and began to look for clues as to what had happened. It wasn't long
after that Zerrias and Rylale caught back up and Din noticed that there were no
bodies, like Zerrias said there should be, and no real signs of a fight. It was
also noted that the bruises Zerrias had suffered were a tinged with the
slightest hint of orange on his red skin, and as Din called him out on that
fact, Zerrias revealed that it was a payback prank for what Din and Embry did to
his egg.

Aster greeted the party, coming down from the tree he was hiding in, and
especially greeted Din like an old friend he hadn't seen for a long time. Aster
asked the rest of the group about the state of the world, and what names had
changed between the regions, and then asked if his flowers in Vistem were still
okay, to which Ryllae was able to answer that there was still a field of
sunflowers, relieving Aster that someone has been taking care of them. Then the
conversation turned towards the champions and their supposed locations.

Ryllae informed Aster, Din, and Zerrias of what he had learned from Irena, about
the lightning phenomenon in Sabu, which Aster filled in that that was most
likely where Tricen's orb could be found, and the melting Black Ice Lake in
Frosdain, where Fahren's orb most likely was. They also mentioned the Emerald
Orbs in Monstera, which Aster was certain would be Demitree's power, and as
plans were being made, Ryllae mentioned the frozen bath water in Keygarde again,
reading the letter to Aster, Din, and Zerrias again, and Aster and Din felt that
this could be related to the power of Noah, the embodiment of ice and snow.

So far, it was unclear if the power from the champion's orbs were being
harnessed by someone, or if they were leaking their power due to being chipped
or fragmented in some sort of way. What was clear was that Avanix would be in
trouble is Black Ice Lake melted, both due to the floodwaters, and the monster
that Noah trapped under the ice so long ago. Sabu could be in danger from the
ever-present lightning effects, Monstera from the growing vines in the mines,
and Keygarde from the possibility of a frozen sewer system. With the sense of
urgency in mind, the group figured going after the fabled cursed pirate treasure
would be a good way to start off their expedition, as it should help finance the
trip, and Aster agreed to come along as well.

After quickly heading back to Golmars to rent a boat, Din and Ryllae secured
some ropes to Peggi so that she could tow the boat behind her and allow them to
reach the cave with ease. Once inside, Ryllae reminded everyone of what Maxam
had learned about the treasure, that it was supposedly cursed by a dragonling
who watched its mother die by the hands of a pirate captain. What was first
brushed off as myth or legend, was soon to be believed as Ryllae found old
markings of dragon claws along the walls of the cave. Aster mentioned that
dragons usually didn't leave their island, so it was strange to see one out
here.

As the group kept exploring, Aster suddenly grabbed Ryllae to hold him back, put
an arm out to block the path for Din, and told Zerrias to stop in his tracks as
he was too far out to reach. Just as he did, three water elementals formed from
puddles on the cave floor. While it wasn't a difficult fight, there were moments
where Din, Ryllae, and Zerrias were inside the elementals at one point, and
Aster had a moment to show his power as he vaporized one of the elementals with
the rapier that Ryllae had let him borrow.

After the ambush, Aster mentioned that while he wasn't bad in a fight, he would
probably be considered the weakest of the champions, and that Fahren, Noah, or
Tricen would be the strongest while Syn was the most ferocious; he even went so
far to mention that Tricen was truly the scariest of them all, watching him go
from a figure, void of emotion, to a live wire jolting with energy when engaged
in combat. Aster informed the group that his power came from the Empyrean Sea
itself, and that the champions were essentially birthed from a shower of stars
that came from the Empyrean Sea, back in the time of the faceless.

A little further into the cave, Din found a shrine with a statue of a human
woman with long hair, dragon wings, and a sleeveless robe, holding an egg in
front of an offering table. Aster spotted her as Pomdra's human form, the
creator of the Vitoak, and sometimes called "The First Dragon", and that the
coin offerings Din was making would have little effect as she preferred
offerings of plants and flora. Din started off with an offering of fell weed,
receiving a dragon scale necklace in response, and Zerrias offered a flower from
his hair, to which he received a set of bracers. Ryllae thought for a moment,
and asked Din if he would be willing to part with one of his roots of the
Vitoak, as this was a statue to its creator, and begrudgingly Din agreed. Upon
offering the root, it burst with life, growing down the altar, and then it grew
upwards into an ornate staff with a dragon crystal at the top of it. Din offered
the necklace to Ryllae in hopes to keep the staff, which Ryllae agreed to, and
at this altar at the dead end, the group took a bit of a rest to catch their
breath before venturing forward.
