As the party headed further Northeast towards Shadewick and Keygarde, they
couldn't help but notice the intense cold and how much it slowed down their
travel. Zerrias did everything in his power to wrap Orpheus up and keep him and
Eurydice as warm as possible, even at the cost of his own comfort, and ended up
getting an earful from Ryllae, Maxam, Licianna, and Kai. To help alleviate the
intense cold, for both Zerrias and the kids in back, Maxam got the idea to build
a makeshift igloo on top of the cart to capture any warmth possible. Zerrias
tried to say he'd be fine keeping the horses going, but everyone spoke up
against the idea, and Azreal took over guiding the horses while Zerrias was
sentenced to sit in the back and Ryllae, Maxam, and Licianna walked next to the
cart to keep an eye out.

After about half a day's journey they took a break to knock off any ice on the
horses and to warm them up as best as possible, preparing them for the second
half of the day. The cold whipped past, but they were able to warm them up to a
decent extent. As they got ready to go again, a large group of small floating
lights came upon the party, taking advantage of the intense weather to make for
a heavy ambush like experience. Kai jumped out of the cart with Zerrias telling
the other kids to stay in the back and the group valiantly fought back against
the lights, finding out just how well Azreal can heal in a pinch, and just how
well Kai can hold her own against more than just humanoids. Zerrias, in the
middle of the fight, summoned his shadowspawn as well, who eventually earned
his own nickname, Uncle Z, and was noticed to be much quippier than his
living counterpart.

The battle drew on, but the party, in the end, was victorious, if not a little
tired after the fight. After the battle, Ryllae hopped into the back of the
cart with Kai and offered her a possible position at The Wood's Eye, either as
a general bodyguard for the place, or if she and the kids wanted to do some
investigations for the agency and earn a bit of a living wage that way.
