As Zerrias enjoyed his day with Toril, the rest of the group took on some
personal business in Golmars. Embry quickly headed off from the Honeyed Rose to
make a bit of side money and to discreetly practice her magic. Din talked with
Lilith at the Honeyed Rose for a bit before heading into town to find Ryllae,
while leaving Maxam to watch Orpheus while Zerrias was, ahem, preoccupied. When
Din found Ryllae, Ryllae had just finished his conversation with Kro and was
heading to the Sassy Stitch to have his bow restrung and to pick up some arrows.
Soti was kind enough to take care of the work for him, stringing it with an
ebonwood thread for a beautiful look, and Din suggested that he pick up a second
bow just in case his snaps again, and Soti said she'd head back to the Steel
Show with Ryllae and Din to appease Kro's grumpy nature.

At the Steel Show, Kro was agitated to see Ryllae again, but calmed himself in
the presence of Soti, and agreed to sell Ryllae a bow that he had in stock. As
the conversation moved on, Din started antagonizing Kro about not doing
anything, and that he should stop moping about. Din covered some of the cost of
the bow as well, as Ryllae was a little short, and then was told to get out of
the shop as fast as possible, and to be thankful he wasn't put on Kro's
blacklist.

After getting the bow and arrows, Din took Ryllae to see Sariel at UMA. On the
way there, Ryllae was able to ask Din about the champions, and Din revealed that
he knew Aster, Demitree, Fahren, Syn, and Noah, along with having heard about
Riven through Maxam. He gave what information he could on each, such as a bit of
their personality, or how they generally felt to be around. It wasn't long from
then that they arrived at UMA, where they learned that Gemflower was apparently
honeymooning in Monstera with his fianc√©, to which Din quickly said that was
impossible as the party had killed her. Ryllae, shocked, tried to hush Din and
encouraged him to speak a little lighter, and Sariel, graciously, said she'd
write what Din said off as the ramblings of a man taken by madness. However,
before they left, Sariel did tell Ryllae he could probably find some books on
myths in the library and that Din would be able to get fifty percent off the
first two scrolls for the work that they are doing to help both the city, and
the continent.

As they left the office of Sariel, Din suggested to Ryllae that he lighten up
and maybe not keep thought of all the things that could happen, but rather focus
on what is happening. He also suggested that Ryllae meditate a bit to help calm
down. Then they went their separate ways on the first floor, as Ryllae went to
the library and Din to the shop. In the library, Ryllae met Naill, who helped
point him in the direction of the book "The Moon Walks Among Us", which Ryllae
then checked out to borrow for at least a week and started reading it
immediately.

Back at the Honeyed Rose, Maxam was taking care of Orpheus to the best of his
ability, letting his Vyo flit about and play with the three-headed puppy. Things
did get a little rowdy for a moment between the two, but most of the patrons
didn't mind, and those that did mind were told to deal with it or leave. Isla
offered her booth to Maxam as the soft plush of the seat would make a good bed
for the time being, and Maxam was able to ask about the pirate treasure they had
heard about, learning that one item in the treasure was cursed by a dragon. The
story goes that the pirate who amassed the treasure did so by stealing it from a
new mother dragon, and ended up killing the mother in front of one of the
freshly hatched dragonlings. The dragonling, upset by what it saw, cursed the
treasure, and whoever takes it eventually ends up disappearing.

The night went smoothly, Din worked on reading and transcribing his new spells,
while Ryllae finished learning the Elvish language and then he and Maxam got
some rest. Toril and Zerrias spent the rest of the night together, and in the
morning Toril braided Zerrias's hair, adding some accessories to it. In the
morning, the entire inn was awoken by Orpheus's howls of anguish, as the puppy
missed its papa. Zerrias broke out in a cold sweat and bolted out of the room to
Ryllae and Maxam's, where Orpheus was staying, and comforted the puppy, calming
the howls quickly. With that, Ryllae headed downstairs, briefly mentioning the
attire Zerrias was in and then ordering breakfast with Maxam.

Once Zerrias joined them, after being complimented by Isla on his "Walk of
Pride", Din told the party that he was able to make a polished copper by selling
a warhorse that he was able to find through magic. There were a few jokes thrown
around that Embry should learn from him, and then Maxam grabbed Ryllae and said
that he needed his help over at Varis's shop. Confused, Ryllae went along with
it, and finally caught on when Maxam mentioned there was someone he needed to
talk to. Once inside, Varis welcomed them and switched the open sign to closed,
then led them into the basement.

Irena looked like she had been run ragged, bags under her eyes, and sapped of
all strength she might have had. Maxam led the investigation, offering her half
of a chicken sandwich, and asking her if she wanted to share any new
information. All she said was that the two biggest splinter cells within The
Ballad of the Champions, were in Frosdain and Sabu, and that they were close to
what they were looking for. Ryllae stepped up and asked about Gemflower, who
Irena voiced that she had a great disdain for. Ryllae then asked what she knew
about Vichor, which she disclosed that she only knew of it because of Gemflower,
and that she hated the stuff. Wanting to make sure he got the full story, Ryllae
called upon the power of his gem, and through some mental exploration, found out
that Irena was scared that Gemflower would be the undoing of her group, with the
sick experiments he has done on their own members. He was also able to discern
that in Sabu, all sorts of weather effects of lightning were going on, while in
Frosdain, Black Ice Lake was threatening to melt. To finish up his
investigation, Ryllae called out this information aloud, and offered Irena a
chance to disclose where specifically these groups were, and that maybe Varis
could be convinced to lighten up. Irena turned away, hell-bent to take that
information to the grave, though Ryllae was able to learn their rough locations
with the use of his gem. He smiled, thanked Irena for letting him know that
between Bonespire and Terae would be good for Sabu and Black Ice Lake for
Frosdain. As Irena stared in horror, Ryllae told Varis to keep up the good work
as he left, and Varis kindly informed Irena that she might want to eat that
sandwich, as she was going to need her strength.

Back at The Honeyed Rose, Din left to go heal some people around town and
possibly find out how to get in good with the guards to make it easier to get
away with certain activities. Zerrias asked Lilith if she knew where Toril had
gone, and she sadly replied with that he had an errand to run out of town. She
was able to mention the rough location where he might be found and Zerrias
headed off, bumping into Ryllae and Zerrias on their way back. Ryllae quickly
relayed to Zerrias that Gemflower hated the entire idea of marrying Zyphie and
that he was only doing it for the money, planning to murder the Orchids after
the wedding was official. Zerrias took a moment to collect himself after the
newfound knowledge, swore to kill him again, and then headed out to the cliff
where Lilith said Toril could be found.

Zerrias caught up to Toril, basking in the sun and looking out over the sea, and
embraced him in another hug. Toril, confident in his resolution, asked Zerrias
to stand a ways back and let the magic of his earrings course through him once
more, enveloping him in a bright light. Once the light dissipated, no longer did
Toril stand before Zerrias, but rather Aster, the champion of legend. Zerrias
could feel the warmth coming from him, and Aster learned he had been asleep for
about 800 years. He told Zerrias a bit of how Ophiucus was when he was still
young, and asked what was going on with the world this time, as he usually is
not awoken unless something major is happening. Zerrias explained the situation
as best he could, and Aster responded with some new information about the other
champions, including a name Zerrias hadn't heard before, Tricen. The two of them
walked back to Golmars as the morning continued, heading towards the Honeyed
Rose one more time.
