On the road to Keygarde, it was discovered that Din was replaced by a
doppelg√§nger, and upon learning that it had been discovered, it took the
opportunity to make a break for it to not be seen again. The rest of the first
day's travel was uneventful, and the group made camp a little ways off the road
to prepare for the next day. The night was relatively peaceful, Licianna and
Ryllae saw a shooting star, and then Zerrias and Ryllae were visited by a large
white wolf with horns. After racking his brain over the books he had read,
Ryllae realized that the wolf was a symbol or omen from Thirio, the God of
Beasts. Ryllae lowered the bow he had raised as the wolf laid and watched the
two of them for a while. Zerrias and Ryllae mentioned it was a shame they
couldn't talk with it, and eventually the wolf left. Zerrias woke Azreal for the
last watch of the night, and he was able to talk with his father, about how his
brother was no longer in immediate danger as Din was no longer travelling with
the group.

In the morning, Azreal roused everyone without much of an issue, except
Licianna, who Zerrias had to wake by using his shadow smoke and invading her
dreams. Understandably, she wasn't too thrilled about that, but what was done
was done, and they headed off for the second day's travel. It was a relatively
peaceful day, cool autumn air with the sun shining, when Ryllae and Azreal
noticed there were a couple of kids trying to sneak on to the moving cart. There
were four of them, three of which looked like they couldn't be older than nine,
and the other seemed to be a teenager of sorts. Ryllae had Zerrias stop the cart
and everyone came to talk with the kids; their clothes were tattered and ragged,
many of them sported cuts, knicks, and bruises along their arms and legs, and it
looked like they hadn't had a chance to bathe recently either. Azreal quickly
came up to them and offered to heal them, while Ryllae tried to ask for their
names. No names were offered immediately, but they did ask to travel with the
group as they were headed towards Monstera in the long run. After a bit of
travel, they did mention their names: K41, LU64, R10, and ZR0. Azreal mentioned
helping them find new names.

The rest of the day's travel was uninterrupted and rather uneventful. Night,
however, held a different story. The kids informed the group that they had come
up with new names for themselves: Kai, Lewy, Riku, and Zero. Kai then got the
young ones to bed and indulged Ryllae with answering some questions. He found
out that they had come from the West, from an island out that way, and
were on the run from their captors. Zerrias put two and two together and
believes that these kids ran away from his parents, and if he wasn't already
protective over them, he certainly was now. At the least, the group agreed the
kids could make it to Keygarde with them, and from there it would depend on
where the group would go if the kids would travel with them or not. Zerrias, in
a bit of anger, went into the woods to blast a few trees and blow off a bit of
steam, and Azreal went to go comfort him while he did so.

While they were gone, three men approached the camp, and Licianna and Ryllae
intercepted them at the edge of the camp light. The men said they were looking
for a couple of kids that had run away from their parents, and that they came
from the West, from a small fishing village on the peninsula. Ryllae mentioned
that he had recently traveled from Golmars to Wildemoor, West of their current
location, and that he hadn't seen any village on the horizon that matched the
man's description. And with the slightest nagging feeling, Ryllae mentioned that
"Yes, we have seen the kids, but you aren't taking them anywhere" and he fired
his bow just as Zerrias and Azreal came back to the camp. The fight was intense,
Zerrias and Licianna took the brunt of the blows, but Kai helped out in the
fight too and held her own very well. Once two of the three were downed, the
last pursuer tried to run, however Zerrias let Kai run after the man and take
him down, withholding an Eldritch Blast just in case things went awry. With the
men defeated, once everyone's nerves calmed down, sleep was had for all through
the night, waiting to see what the next day had in store for them.
