As the party moved from one arm of the cavern to the next, they continued to
come across these small blue crystals that Zerrias had already been collecting.
The next one gave everyone another vision, just as the ones before; this time,
Noah, as a child, could be seen traversing through high snow and speaking to
someone through a sending stone. The voice from the stone pleaded with Noah,
begging him to not do this alone, but Noah only cooly replied that he had to go
through with this plan, for the safety of others. There wasn't much more to the
vision, and the party headed back towards the central chamber, noticing that
with every crystal collected, the barrier in the center shattered more.

Down the next hallway, there were a few holes in the ground that everyone
carefully skirted around and at the end of the hallway, when everyone stood
close together, the floor gave out. After falling for what felt like a few
moments, it appeared they had been transferred to a battlefield with more of
the reptilian creatures, and Noah once again in the center of the fight. As the
fight drew on this time, Ryllae noticed that the reptiles were only focusing on
Noah, and that even when his arrows landed a solid hit, they fell to the ground
rather than piercing the skin of the creatures. This fight lasted about as long
as the last, and towards the end of it, Noah dropped to a knee with a shaky
breath before picking himself back up and moving forward, once again ignoring
the group.

Back in the icy cavern, even though the fight felt a little long, the gang
realized that they didn't feel like they had just been in a battle, and truly
felt ready to continue exploring the cave. Back in the center, the crystalline
barrier was in pieces on the ground, leaving a single clear crystal in the
center of the last "room". Inside the crystal was an adult male, with snow
white hair, blue eyes, and looking to be probably in his early to mid 20s,
seemingly frozen in time. In front of him, was The Silver Diamond, Noah's
champion orb, and when Zerrias put his hand up to the crystal, Ophiucus
appeared to everyone doing the same, as the party was once again whisked away
to a battlefield.

Before the battle commenced, the first thing noticed was the lake in the
distance, the bitter winter wind ripping through the air, and the black snow
falling. Noah could be seen trudging through the snow, looking a little beat up
and once again he could be heard talking with another voice. As the voice
repeatedly begged Noah not to do this, Noah dropped the stone and moved towards
the lake. And as he did, the focus shifted to see a monstrous creature coming
from the lake, a dragon with wings and scales of black tipped in an icy blue
hue. The party and Noah stood before an adult dragon, and the fight for the
lake broke out.

As rough as the fight was, they emerged victorious, and Noah, with what power
he had left, walked to the edge of the lake and froze it over. Once the lake
was frozen over, he collapsed and the memory began to fade, leaving the party
standing back in the icy cavern with Noah, now as an adult, standing in front
of them. By completing the memories, the group had inadvertently healed his
champion's orb, allowing Noah to harness its power once more and remove the
magical winter that was plaguing Vistem. The group brought Noah up to some
speed, coming to an understanding that the dragon they saw in the past and the
vichor are not related, and that Frosdain, or as he knew it Gelum, is where
Black Ice Lake and Fahren's orb seem to be, and that could cause trouble if it
means that dragon is let loose. Noah agreed to come to Keygarde in the morning
to get caught up on other things in the world, why the champions are coming
back and whatever else the party is aware of, and then he was going to search
the world for his glaive.
