We take off from the chapel, with the pilgrims of the Falling Fire traveling
with us, and make our way to Champion's Gate. How we got Dagmar to agree to
this, I honestly don't really know. We traveled through the city as safely as
we could, and ended up having to fight a gargoyle whose territory we seemed to
walk in on, according to Daedalus. The pilgrims helped us in the fight, and 
Dagmar held their own rather well, all things considered. After that, we kept
moving through the city and made it to Champion's Gate where the Falling Fire,
and Flamekeeper Lucretia Mathias met us.

Lucretia was glad to help up and to not only remove the curse from Kisa, but
also restore her back to full health. Lucretia gave us some space so that we
could briefly discuss what all had happened over the past few hours, and Kisa
chastised me for setting myself on fire to get the scepter, but hey, we go it.
Daedalus just about keeled over, hugging her and sobbing into her chest like he
was afraid he was going to lose her as well. Poor guy. Dagmar was, how to put
it, very on edge during the entire exchange, she hardly loosened her grip on
the scepter at all.

We agreed to head back out to where the others had a resting place, outside
Drakenheim, but they were okay with me wanting to talk with Lucretia first. As
I left the tent, Lucretia asked that I gathered all my companions, so she could
speak to us all together. Daedalus and Kisa kept some distance, but weren't too
far, while Dagmar stayed far away and against a wall. She still doesn't see
that all Lucretia wants to do is help. Lucretia mentioned that she was happy to
see my progress, and noticed the courage Kisa had for herself and Daedalus, and
event mentioned that the Amethyst Academy probably would not have been so quick
to heal Kisa like she was. She then turned her attention to Dagmar and debated
religion with her for a bit. She mentioned that Dagmar doesn't truly have faith
in the Sacred Flame, and even quoted old Sacred Flame scripture to her.
Lucretia then went on to say the Dagmar was filled with anger and hatred and
that she hopes that Dagmar is able to find peace. This was all after Lucretia
called Dagmar a heretic as well, talk about the irony there.

Turning back to me, Lucretia had a request. I'm supposed to find the missing
missionary from the Falling Fire at the Black Ivory Inn. He supposedly went to
go spread the light and help out those who were bunkered down there, but hasn't
returned yet. If I do this, it seems I'll be allowed to take a part of the
Sacrament.

From here, the group wanted to head on outside of Champion's Gate to talk
outside of earshot of the Falling Fire, not that I blame them, but Lucretia did
say that Daedalus and Kisa were always welcomed back, which I found comforting.
Outside the gate Dagmar was upset with Lucretia for saying the things she did,
and Ziggy joined back up with us, breaking the tension with some laughter. Both
Kisa and Lucretia reminded me to ease off on the venom between religions and to
be the flame in the darkness, showing forgiveness and mercy rather than strife.
It seems Dagmar will be able to take the Scepter back to the Sacred Flame after
all, but Lucretia didn't seem too upset about that, and only asked that I keep
being the light. Now it seems we'll be heading back out of Drakenheim, but if
it means a rest for my companions, I think it'll probably be worth it.