The next morning, I got to see what Daedalus really looked like, or so I suppose
that's what he really looks like when he isn't looking like someone else. Kind
of interesting to be honest. Ziggy, Daedalus, and I walked out of our tent to
see that the girls were still in the process of getting up. Ziggy walked off to
relieve himself and I gave Daedalus a nudge to go check on them as Dagmar walked
out, mentioning that Kisa was being stubborn. He tried to call from the tent's
opening, but I gave him another light push into the tent, and we found out just
how bad he is at talking when it's one on one with Kisa. Once she was up and
reluctantly willing to face the day, we gathered our supplies, saddled up on our
new horses, and headed off towards the Rat's Nest. Ziggy stayed back at the
nearby mill to watch the horses as we headed into the city.

As we walked through the streets, Dagmar and I talked faith and how I feel about
my beliefs until Daedalus noticed an overturned cart and Kisa ran up to check
the contents of a lockbox. Turns out, it was a mimic. The damn thing fought hard
too, as did its friend that showed up, but we took the first one out and the
other one begged for its life. Kisa showed mercy, as did Daedalus and I, and
eventually Dagmar followed suit, albeit very reluctantly. Kisa was pretty much
dead set on adopting this one, and I can't really fault her reasoning; it was
just trying to survive and once it realized it was outclassed it surrendered.
Dagmar was less than thrilled and Daedalus seemed rather confused, but Lock, as
she ended up calling it, did give us a couple of tool sets and some delirium
chips, so that's a win out of that.

After healing up, we made our way to the Rat's Nest, mimic not in tow as it
refused to go near the place, and found a shell of a building with a rather
large hole in it. After securing the rope we headed into the hole and at
floor level we could see where it looked like a meteor impacted the place, but
no delirium crystal, which Kisa is on the lookout for. We headed down a nearby
tunnel, Dagmar, then Kisa, and then Daedalus who slipped down the slope and
eventually fell into a pit with wooden stakes, initiating combat with a ton
of Ratlings. It was a bit of a long fight with some dodgy moments in it, but
in the end the Ratlings ended up in the very pit they used as a trap, their
bodies on fire, courtesy of me. We still haven't found Petra, but we're one
step closer now, it seems.
