We were escorted to Camp Dawn by members of the Silver Order. Got to meet
Ophellia Reed, High Flamekeeper, and Theodore Marshall, Head Captain, after
Dagmar revealed that she had the scepter of Saint Verturvio. Ophellia said we'd
all be faithfully rewarded. I feel super awkward and uncomfortable here, I
can't wait to get out. Captain Marshall thanked us all for our service and
asked if he could count on us in the future, to which most of us said we'd try
our best. In return, he said he'd have us outfitted with horses to make travel
through Drakenheim easier for us. As another reward, we were given a small
chest containing 480 gold, five potions of minor healing and three potions of
greater healing to help us while inside Drakenheim.

It came to light that Evie took the magic sword Kisa picked up in the crypt.
She kept lying about not having it or wanting to hold onto it to "keep it
safe" for Kisa. Really wanted it for fighting and taken out the Queen's Men.
Not really sure how I feel about Evie after lying to Daedalus four times in a
row about the intent of the sword. Can I really trust her to fight by my side?

After that matter resolved, we ate and got ready to bunk in camp for the night.
Not really super thrilled about sleeping here, but it's late and travel to the
house that the rest of the group has in Emberwood village would just make
tomorrow even worse. There was some teasing of Kisa and Daedalus and how Kisa
called him "my mage" in the last fight with the Queen's Men, but overall it
was a relatively peaceful night with them. Long first day for an introduction
to new people if I'm honest. Seems like tomorrow we'll be headed to The Rat's
Nest to take care of a problem they had already had on their list.
