With Ziggy's help we took out the skeletons again and headed down into the
crypt. Noticing the closed door we decided to let Dagmar and Ziggy run back
upstairs to mess with the mechanisms for the doors so we could retrieve the
scepter before leaving. Kisa ran in and ducked under the door as it opened to
find the scepter and Saint Brenna standing again.

Flame be damned, this Saint does not go down easy! She ended up punching Kisa
and it looked like it hurt really bad. Fuck, she punched Kisa again and Kisa
went down, similarly to how Daedalus did last fight. I really hope Dagmar can
can help with this again. Good news, the scepter is in here. Bad news, it's
super freaking heavy. I heard a voice say something about "illuminating
myself". I attempted a prayer, but it didn't help. Daedalus lit the pyre in the
room as well. It seems he's ready to burn the Saint's body. I did something
super stupid by lighting myself on fire and was able to lift up the scepter.

Daedalus carried Kisa out from the crypt and I carried the scepter while on
fire. Evie kept trying to open the door which was great to observe even if she
couldn't quite get it opened. We did manage to make it into the chapel and I
set the scepter down.

I got a scroll of Bless, Faery Fire, and 2 scrolls of continuous flame from the
alter box while Dagmar spent some time with the scepter to figure out if it can
help Kisa. Dagmar was rather adamant on going back to the Sacred Flame, but
Daedalus and I were set on going to Champion's Gate to meet with the Falling
Fire and Flamekeeper Lucretia for the sake of Kisa. As Daedalus was walking out
he noticed a group of travelers heading towards the chapel. As my luck would
have it, they're pilgrims of the Falling Fire making their way to the Crater
and looking for the scepter we just obtained. At the promise of help for Kisa,
Dagmar begrudgingly agreed to come along to Champion's Gate. I only can pray
that she sees the same light I do when we get there.
