We started to make our way back out of the city, heading back to Emberwood to
where the group already had a safe house. On the way out of the city, Kisa
asked if we could stop to look for some Delirium. While I'm not super thrilled
about the thought of her selling it to the Amethyst Academy, her final goals
are aligned with mine, restoring the city, even though the Falling Fire does
want to make it a holy site.

Daedalus, Kisa, and I searched for some Delirium, and we ended up finding a
rather good deposit of it. In the end, we found five chips and three fragments
of it, and I got to keep a fragment and chip. The fragment is what I really
need for Lucretia and the sacrament.

Afterward, we started slowly making our way back out of the city, and made it
about halfway, but Kisa ended up hurting her leg a bit, and we had to double
back; from there, we ended up trying to sprint out of the city and were
ambushed by a group of bandits in ramshackled armor, Queens Men. It was a tough
fight, and Dagmar ended up calling this huge pillar of fire to roast a couple
of the bandits, which ended up alerting some other people in the area. Between
then and the time that they arrived, I went down by the leader's hand, but Kisa
was kind enough to help me back up.

Once the bandits were dealt with, the Silver Hand, the knights and paladins
that showed up, helped patch us up and said they'd escort us back to Camp Dawn
to return the scepter to its rightful place. Kisa mentioned it would probably
be best for me to keep quiet about my ties to the Falling Fire to ensure that
we all get out from the camp safely.
