Nathaniel Flint has asked that I retrieve a scepter from the chapel for
Flamekeeper Mathias. On my way to the chapel I heard a loud clang that I
followed to find a group of adventurers. They were a bit hostile to begin with
but eventually they came around enough for me to travel with them. It seems
though that I won't be able to easily get the scepter to Flamekeeper Mathias,
they seem to have their own agenda with it and Dagmar is very keen to not let
me take it to a "heritic", she seems to be of the Sacred Flame but not believe
in Lucretia's words.

We ended up going down a trap door behind a statue next to the chapel. Evie
found a pillar and put her rod in it and I saw that we should push it to turn
some sort of mechanism and open something up on a floor below us. We also found
a group of elementals that were sent by the academy to scout and investigate.
They ended up leaving the academy and making the undercroft their new home. 

Heading further down we walked into a crypt where paladins and clerics of the
Flame were entombed and buried. Dhaeve, the bug bear, turned back into Daedalus
and layed into Dagmar for something that happened before I showed up. He seemed
really torn up by it. Seems like thye fought some Queen's Men and Daedalus was
not on board with it. He seems to have some sort of multiple personalities.
Wonder what's up with that? Dagmar and I had a moment of good conversation and
it seems we'll at least be able to get along. In the crypt, we found the tomb
of Saint Brena. However, her corpse was missing.
