We moved back towards a chamber that Kisa remembered being upstairs, very
similar to the first room with the pillar we rotated. Daedalus ran back for the
rod and we mvoed it to this new pillar and headed down the nearby stairs. Down
the stairs we heard a raspy woman's voice and a room full of skeletons. She
sounded like she was reciting scripture, though incorrectly. Daedalus and
Dagmar both went down early in the fight. Kisa was able to get Dagmar back up
and Dagmar got up Daedalus. Then Daedalus went back down. This saint seems to
be pretty strong. We ended up finishing off the saint and Dagmar was able to
stabilize Daedalus while I read a scroll to help him feel better.

There was a heated spat between Dagmar and Daedalus and Daedalus ended up
storming off. Kisa went after him and Dagmar and I took Saint Brenna's body
back to the stone slab where she should be resting. As we lay her down she
started moving again and came back to life! I ended up running back upstairs
to Kisa and Daedalus to warn them, leaving Dagmar alone downstairs. Dagmar was
able to get free from the crypt and I dropped the door trapping Saint Brenna
inside, still praying out in madness.

Lots of talking between all of us. We took a short rest in the room with the
fountain and Ziggy said he'd help us out with the skeletons if we wanted to go
into that room again. Also, it seems that they want to sell some Delerium back
to the Academy. I'm rather conflicted about this. On the one hand, Lucretia has
declared it's sacred and necessary for the pilgrimage, but on the other hand I
want to be able to stay with these people as long as I can to help me along my
own mission. Ziggy is gonna use himself as bait as we let the skeletons
bottleneck up through the stairs for easy pickings.
