We pick up with the group setting off after a harrowing fight with some vicious
will-o'-wisps. On the road, Zerrias and Licianna reflected on the past fight
and recalled that will-o'-wisps are drawn to those who have hope and Zerrias
told Kai he was glad that she still had hope, even though it made her a rather
large target in the fight. After a bit of conversation, Zerrias made a mention
about not being sure if he was still doing the right thing and if Simon would
want him to keep fighting on, and as he mentioned it, he seemed to feel Simon's
arms wrap around him. At the same time, Ryllae noticed that Zerrias's vichor
gem flashed for just a moment and. He thought to keep it quiet for a moment,
but ended up telling Zerrias aloud, and in turn telling Kai and the kids about
their misadventures to this moment revolving around the gems and their
knowledge of Vichor.

After the slight history lesson, the group made camp and started to bunk down
for the night, with Zerrias and Licianna taking the first watch. After not
much conversation, Zerrias took his wedding ring and himself away from the
fire, and tried to have a conversation with Simon. And it worked, Simon showed
up and was able to converse with him a bit, and then Zerrias's gem manifested
a form of Simon as well, a little more sickly green than the other specter.
This manifestation gleefully explained how it had been having so much fun in
Zerrias's mind, twisting thoughts and telling him all sorts of things to get
him to keep using the power it offered him, and how it was doing the same to
his friends, making them feel comfortable, like things were okay, as they kept
using this otherworldly kind of power. The manifestation even went so far to
say that it was a really fun time using the robot girl, E.V.E., who used to
travel with them.

Zerrias's and Licianna's watch was otherwise uneventful and they woke up Azreal
and Ryllae for the second shift. As the two took their position around the
fire, they were also joined by Kai. She told Ryllae she had been thinking
greatly about his proposition and would be taking him up on the offer to join
The Wood's Eye. Ryllae, overjoyed, started going into all the duties that might
need to be taken care of while he was away investigating the champions and the
vichor, and in speaking of taking on investigations herself, he learned that
Kai and the others were never taught to read of write. He paused and mentioned
that he had friends at the library who he was sure would help teach them. He
also mentioned that there were people at UMA who would be able to help Lewy's
arm one way or another. And amongst all the conversation through the night,
Ryllae also regaled her and Azreal with the tale of the champions from the time
of the faceless.

With all of the new information, Kai slowly blinked and said she was going to
go get some more sleep. Azreal then went to wake up Maxam and went to sleep in
the tent with Zerrias for the sake of keeping some warmth. During the last
watch, the same wolf from a few nights prior showed up again, similar to the
one Kai had mentioned meeting as well. It held in its mouth a pouch with a
skeletal hand wrapped around it, that Ryllae took, and after discarding the
hand, looked inside to find some coins amounting to twenty gold and a note
addressed to him that said to not worry about Syn. It seemed that Thirio may be
in their corner after-all.

Come morning, Zerrias revealed that he had spoken with the manifestation of his
gem during the night and retold the information that he had been given: that
vichor itself is from the grief of Arvita, and that she created it in order to
enact revenge against the Devas for ripping her love away from her instead of
watching and protecting Unteris like they were supposed to, that Arvita had
been split into three pieces, her sadness that wanders the material plane, her
heart imprisoned in Carcer, and part of her is still out there, unknown as to
where though, and that Ophiucus was stricken with overwhelming grief realizing
that Arvita is stuck in Carcer with him, but in a place he cannot help her.
Upon that last revelation, Zerrias excused himself from the fire and went to
have a bit of a long and hard ugly cry letting out the emotions that he was
experiencing from his patron.

As he was feeling that through, Ryllae informed the kids about Zerrias's
relationship with Ophiucus and the things that had happened. The kids asked if
there were at least some good Devas, and Licianna mentioned that her father is
a Deva, and Azreal mentioned that his brother is Suavi, another Deva. Ryllae
packed a bowl of stew for Zerrias and the group headed off to finally make it
to Keygarde.
