Dear Diary,

It's been a pretty interesting day to say the least! Lucacul and I woke up,
without a problem. Julio's statue was still in the corner, safely looking away
from us the entire night, I knew it would be fine to keep him there! After some
breakfast, we headed out to the town square and met up with Rhage and then saw
Maren riding into town to meet us! Seems like he had a good time with Bud while
he stayed behind, good for him!

As Rhage said goodbye to her family, we all had a heart-to-heart with Maren, as
he admitted to being a little jealous of Rhage's relationship with her family,
and how he felt he didn't really have a place that he yet belonged. I kept quiet
generally knowing how that feels and not having the words to comfort him. Rhage
and Lucacul, however, did a great job on making Maren feel more accepted in the
group, and Maren even admitted that the initial voice he felt "pulling" him to
the party was not near as strong as it initially was, so that's definitely good
news!

It was a bittersweet goodbye, as Rhage didn't want to leave, but we also wanted
to go and get paid. Back in Dorran, we turned Julio into the sheriff who paid
out the bounty as promised. While there, we picked up another from the bounty
board, Fabian "The Succubus" Dread, who apparently is running a sex cult or
something like that. To be honest, I mostly let the group pick, the story that
comes from taking him on will be epic enough as is! Before we left, Sam
mentioned that there were rumors of some exotic merchandiser just a little out
of town, about an hour's travel North. Turns out, this was Kraggle Cove, ran
by Kraggle Beard.

When we got there, he seemed to be in a bit of a bind as there was some sort of
magic going awry, so Rhage stepped up to see what was going on, was almost hit
by something, so she tried to hit it back and a dimensional rift opened up, or
at least I think that's what I heard, I don't really know, I just jumped in
after Rhage. We went from the middle of this little forest to a ship, and
Kraggle Beard ended up falling overboard as he was looking for something. Once
he fell off the ship, we were swarmed by these fish people thingies that really
knew how to take a beating! But, as expected, we prevailed! Kraggle Beard made
his way back onto the ship, and we looked for the anchor of the dimensional
rift.

On a whim, I joked about how it would be funny if the anchor of the ship was the
actual anchor. Rhage didn't seem to think it was funny, but somehow I was right!
Never thought I'd be right about something like that, to be honest. Anyway, we
made it back to Kraggle Cove and ol' Kraggle Beard gave us a slight discount on
some magical wares of our choice. I got a sweet, shiny new shield that can tell
my stories!

All that's left is to head back to Dorran, rest for the night, and go after this
sex cult! 
