Dear diary,

Once we got to he island, Solei encouraged us to go o Hamble's troupe to figure
out more about the Sol. There, we learned that Hamble's name is Alric, but he
doesn't seem comfortable with that. Then this guy started to talk to us. At
first I thought it was Hamble's father, with how he kept praising him and his
talents, his name was Bigby Wonder and he's the ringleader. Then, a woman ran
out of one of the houses and hugged Hamble. Turns out, that was his mom, Elanor
Televarne? She was weeping the whole time we were talking in private, talking
about how no one was upset with Hamble for some accident that happened, and that
everyone missed him. Hamble was silent through most of what was going. She's
paying for our hotel

After leaving Hamble broke down in anger towards his mother. She's the one who
hurt him, not his father. His sister got sick and he tried to take care of her.

I...I didn't really know what to say here. I know there's a silver lining
somewhere, but I was having trouble finding it at the moment. Oh! Oh! If Hamble
hadn't ran away we wouldn't have gotten top meet him and have him as a part of
our story! Rhage looked like she was about to go on a rampage, I decided that if
she does, I'm following! Can't have her getting hurt.

We got to have a really nice bath! It's been a while since I had one. Got to
splash around a bit with Lucacul, and then talked with Kassian in the sauna. He
said that Hamble's mother wasn't much of a mother at all, as that's not what a
mother should do, and I agree! And then we talked about his mom for a moment,
and how Rhage reminds him of his mother.

When I got out of the sauna, Rhage asked me about why I was quiet, and I
couldn't really get away from it, so I had to tell her that what she said about
being "hers" got to me. I ended up crying in front of everyone, how
embarrassing. Told everyone how I was never picked for games in my tribe or
re-hired for more protection jobs. I really like this group, I want to stay with
them. They even told me I don't have to always smile like I thought I did.

Rhage said that some alcohol could help me forget the feeling of a pit in my
stomach, and honestly, I don't remember much more after starting to drink. I
think it was called sake? It was really good.
