Dear diary,

As we headed further into the cave, Lucacul was brought to us by Solei, seems
like he overslept. It was great ot have him back; in the clearing where he
showed up we had to fight a few elemental things, one of them was made of water
and tried to drown both Hamble and Rhage, but they both managed to fight against
it really well! I was fighting a really big rock thing that could hit hard
enough to almost make me want to stay down, but that's not how my story goes,
now is it? After Kassian made some great shots, and Lucacul reminded us just how
impressive he is in combat, I should spar him sometime, we found another portal
thing to move forward.

We saw Elanor, and a younger Hamble and Marigold (his sister). Elanor was
pushing Marigold to keep performing, keep practicing, to the point that she just
about collapsed in a coughing fit. She really seemed to be sick. I wish I could
say why Elanor didn't help her. Elanor ended up leaving upset at how her
daughter was "acting" and we watched her make a deal with the Sea of Stars,
where she became an anchor for it, and I guess brought back Alabastor as well?
That stuff still goes over my head to be honest.

After seeing that we also saw a scene with younger Hamble comforting Marigold,
and talking about how they were going to get away from Ido Retreat, and find her
a doctor with good medicine for her. It seems like he really was a good big
brother for her. I wonder what it would be like, having siblings?

After that wrapped up we found ourselves in another field, and I felt inspired.
I gave a speech to everyone! Talked about how we weren't letting the story end
here, and that we'd make our fate to be what we decided, and how we would
overcome the past to becoming something greater. Not gonna lie, I felt really
cool doing it, and I hope that it helped the others. Afterwards, I led a charge
forward with Rhage and the rest close behind, but before we could actually fight
anything everyone except Hamble got pushed back and Hamble was thrown into this
weird black cage thing that we couldn't see in. While he dealt with whatever
happened in there, we all ended up fighting shadow-y versions of ourselves, but
with Grimlock there instead of Kassian, which was weird. Oh! But I got to tell
my shadow self that "The original is so much better" and absolutely decimated
him, proving my point! And Lucacul took on fighting Rhage's shadow while Rhage
fought Lucacul's and we eventually ganged up on Rhage and Lucacul's shadows to
finish things off. Not gonna lie, Rhage hits harder than her shadow ever could.

We heard that crying/chanting/chorus-y kind of sound again, really loud this
time, and we went into the cave mouth ahead of us to find Alabastor and
Marigold, with Marigold being held up by chains in the center of the cave. We
all rushed him, and broke the chains as quickly as we could, and we he fell
down, something kind of shifted and changed, to reveal Elanor instead of
Alabastor. We were warned that he was planning to set off the volcano with some
sort of runes that held high pitch noises, and that we should go take care of
that. Margiold wanted to come and provide support as well.
