Dear diary,

The lawyer guy left us with a horde of star children to fight in the dark. This
duded is super rude! I honestly did pretty terrible in the fight, but it seems
like everyone else held their own very well! I'm lucky to be a part of such a
great group of fighters!

Some entity, thing? told us to run through a portal that Hamble and Grimlock
opened up. How? I dunno. Anyways, we ended up looking out at the stars, while
standing amongst them. Kinda weird to be honest. Tired looking little kid
talking to us about the stars.

Apparently this thing is called the "Sea of Stars" and it seems to be some sort
of force of nature that is extra planar (wut?) and super powerful. The lawyer
is a "Sol" which is a being of the Sea of Stars and again, super powerful. No
wonder he was able to get away so easily. Rhage is really ready to become super
strong to take on the Sea of Stars. She really hates this lawyer guy.

This child wants us to get rid of the "anchors" of the Sea of Stars. To be
honest, this is all going over my head. Planar talk was never a strong suit of
mine, but this should make for a hell of a story some day! If only I can get
the details right.

Oh! The child said if the Sea of Stars is left unchecked it could destroy
everything, not just the material plane. That seems pretty freaking bad, so I
say we probably should take care of this thing! 

There's an anchor in Godwin. One in someone in a festival town. And the last
one is in the scortched lands. The child gave us the ability to sense these
anchors, so that'll be helpful in finding more of them. I know that together
we'll be able to keep the world from destruction!
