Dear diary,

We talked a little bit more in the viewing area of the Sea of Stars where
Solie (spelling?) brought us. Rhage gave some motivation to Hamble and we were
whisked away to just outside of the palace where Godwin (that was the lawyer's
name) was assaulting the council. Grimlock took lead and found a way onto a
balcony for a vantage point (smart) while Lucacul, Maren and I made our way to
a door beneath him and Rhage and Hamble went to an even earlier door (I guess?
I kinda forgot to look back, whoops!)

Rhage kicked everything off, I guess by kicking in a door, all I know is I
heard some shouting and rushed in after that. We saw Godwin over one of the
council member's bodies, and saw a lot of dead poeple. I rushed in soon after
and tried to help Rhage with attacing some swordsmen in the middle of the room
but couldn't do too much about the musketeers. Lucacul turned huge again (
awesome) and started taking those guys out while Grimlock took some amazing
shots at Godwin. Godwin eventually turned one of his own men into a Star Child
(rude) and we had to take care of that while Godwin ran outside with Grimlock
following him. Maren did a great job with firing off spells too! Need to make
sure I don't forget to mention that!

After Grimlock shot Godwin a few times he transformed into some giant beast/
monster/Star Child thing, I dunno what to call it, but boy was it ugly. I tried
my best to follow Rhage's instructions to help with him outside, but I got
thrown through a window back into the building pretty quickly, so Rhage told me
to change ighting partners with her as she ran outside instead. Hamble and I
finished off the remaining swordsmen and Rhage ended up lunging at the monster
Godwin had become. She ended up ripping into his throat to finish him off. She
really is something else in a battle, very impressive!

Soon after Godwin was killed we were all whisked away by a super bright light
to a beach-like area with this, I dunno, being who called themselves "The Sea
of Stars". They tried to explain what they wanted, but didn't really do it in a
good way, called us "ants", and Grimlock and Hamble started yelling at it,
flipping it off, cursing at it, pretty much anything to tell it to send us back
to where we were. In the end it did. It did make a mention that all it wanted
was to belong... I feel that more than anything, but that's not how you should
go about belonging.

When we got back to the council's room the remaining council members
congratulated us and rewarded us with twelve thousand gold, room and board for
a night (or a few nights, I didn't quite catch it), some books of research that
Grimlock had requested, and a free item from Magic Mike's shop (sweet!). There
was however an argument between Grimlock and Rhage because Rhage stepped up to
defend what Maren was trying to say when Grimlock spoke rather harshly against
him. Rhage ended up leaving after Grimlock after we were rewarded and Hamble
and I walked Maren and Lucacul back to the Carnelian for a night of rest.

On the way there we heard Rhage and Grimlock getting into the heat of their
argument (I thought they were good friends, is this how good friends really act
towards each other?), but we decided to not get into the middle of it as Luca
and I were carrying the trunk of gold. Hamble went off to do his own thing as
well, but told us he'd show back up at the inn later so I showed Maren and Luca
the rest of the way. Maren started flirting with Bud so Lucacul and I quickly
went up to my room to start counting out the gold for everyone. There were some
interesting noises in the room next to mine so we went to Grimlock's room
instead (with his permission, though he seemed upset about Durn being there to
help). Grimlock went over to Rhage's room once she was back and Lucacul and I
counted away into the night. 

Goodness what a day it's been. I really like these people I'm travelling with
everyone is so talented in battle or in speech craft in some sort of way. I
really have a lot I can learn from them! It seems that this "Sea of Stars"
being is gonna be a big problem for the world though... Well, what better way
to become a legend amiright? 
