Dear diary,

Fish and Barrel said we'd need to stake out the college for about an hour
before everyone is gone. Maren and I talked about his past and history of
runes while Grimlock took watch.

During waiting, Maren and I talked about his past and I got to learn more about
him. Near the end of the hour, Fish and Barrel tried to scheme Maren and I out
of ten gold! The nerve! And here I thought we were friend. And as that was
happening, Grimlock started working his way towards the college. Fish called
Maren "stutters" and Grimlock threatened him with a gun to his chin saying if
he calls him "stutters" again Grimlock will make Fish the one who stutters.
Wow!!

The agent that was at the college and supposed to open the door for us was
apparently attacked by "sentient axes".

We saved this lady from some sort of fire vines and she told us about a golem
in a room not far away that was rampaging. Grimlock wanted to move past it, but
we decided to fight it! It was a bit of a tough fight, but we managed rather
handily. Grimlock got the final hit, and Rhage seemed a bit upset by that.

We got a special seal from the woman who told us about the golem. Afterwards,
Grimlock mentioned that we could do the job "quick" or do it "methodically",
which I absolutely agree with! We can definitely find some useful objects,
information, or people to endebt to us to make sure we can get away cleanly
at the end of the job!

He really doesn't seem to like how enthusiastic I am. I'll get through to him
eventually.

We eneded up using the seal from thew woman to unlock a door that was locked to
us. It led to this _crazy_ area filled with all sorts of magical effects! Also,
there were some wraiths in there that sucked a bit to fight! Lucalcul did
pretty great fighting though! As did Hamble with his helpful words and Maren
with his impressive control over magic. And of course, Rhage was an animal on
the battlefield as usual! Maren was also amazing with all of his spells! Super
useful! Gah, everyone is so great on the battlefield!

Grimlock picked up an unconscious woman and ran out of the room, then ran back
in to try to close a book and eneded up having a problem with it. How hard is
it to close a book? There was some sort of explosion when he tried to close
it too. I wonder what happened... Hamble and Grimlock end up closing a book in
the room that was causing the crazy magical effects! I knew we could do! We've
been working as a team so well! I'm so proud of us! The woman Grimlock rescued
ended up stabbing the book. Then Grimlock got the ring we were after as a
method of payment.

Grimlock refused to give the ring he got to Fish and Barrel for a moment before
Rhage was able to talk him into giving the ring over. We took a short rest and
then headed after the lawyer. 

Rhage thanked everyone (except for Grimlock as he was on his own) for their
prowess in battle! We're making progress on the group trusting each other!
Whoop!

After a quick rest we're able to follow the lawyer to his house. It's fuckin'
_huge_! Like, **wow**! Grimlock doesn't like that Rhage is going in through
the front entrance and went to find another entrance while Lucacul and I
followed Rhage inside. The lawyer is a fucking dick in the way he talked at
Rhage, and then eventually vanished. Gah, such a bitch.
