Dear diary,

We went back to Set to get Hamble. Picked him up, headed out and through some
mountains to get to Iido just a bit faster. I told my shield that my story
wasn't close to done, and Lucacul said no one thought it was. When I told them I
was talking about my shield, it told me that it could be on a "speaker" mode
which I turned on. Rhage was not a fan, but they now know I'm not crazy.

Hamble went scouting the mountain pass because the path got bad. We heard some
star children. Hamble took some time getting back, but came back with a new
person. I heard footsteps, and Rhage was reaching for her weapon. Ooohhh!! New
person, name is Kassian. I called Lucacul "Super Cool" cause he is!. He's
suuuper tall! Like wow, it's impressive. Huh, Kassian has clipped ears. Doesn't
really know why. Oh well! Hopefully it helps their story. They're happy to join
us because "they're bored".

Lucacul and I carried the cart through the canyon. Then some Star children
attacked. Holy fuck did they smell terrible. Oh! And my fucking gods did they
hurt like hell!! Ow!!! We kept fighting against them, they looked a little
different than they did before, and the stink cloud around them made it really
hard to do anything, so I had to run to get out of it. Once out though, I
noticed that Rhage had knocked one off a cliff and I was able to takes its head
clean off with my sword! I knew those swings felt powerful, but wow did that
feel good! Kassian held their own in the fight really well too! Oh!! And! Rhage
ended up breathing fire at one of these things after jumping way into the air to
be closer to it! I didn't even know she could do that! Then she and Hamble got
onto Hamble's broom together to get another one that was up even higher, and
after Hamble hit it with some magic, Rhage jumped off the broom and slammed the
guy into the ground, it looked like she was punching him on the way down too!
Gah! They're so cool. I hope I can do cool stuff like that too!
