Dear diary,

I woke up the team today! Maybe next time I should try to use a more gentle
approach, Rhage was a little upset with how much energy I had. Maybe next time
just a little less brightness tomorrow. Everyone else dealt with it rather well
, Grimlock stayed asleep as there was a note on his door, and I let Maren sleep
in because I wasn't sure if he was still with Bud after last night.

Rhage was able to read through some notes that Grimlock got from the council
and found out that I actually can do a lot of damage to the star children with
the way that I can attack, holy damage seems to be effective against them!
Rhage also talked to us all about why we are adventuring/what we're looking for
. Lucacul is out to protect others who can't protect themselves. I of course am
out for a great story to tell ;). 

Lucacul and I went to the forge to enhance our weapons and then went to Magic
Michael's magic shop and I got a Deck of Chaos! Had to head back to the forge
for my better shield, though. 

Rhage and Hamble found some bounties for us to go after, one in Set that she
was adamant we go after immediately. Julio the Sculptor or something like that.
We left a note for Grimlock and Maren so they knew where we went.

Rhage can show emotion other than anger/disdain! She got excited at seeing
Nibbles working in Magic Mike's potion shop.

Lucacul and I bonded! Yes! Making friends 101 coming in handy! He said I
reminded him of a friend of his, too. Oh, my gods! Rhage and I bonded a bit
too! Score! Such a good day! She even said I've made a lasting impression!

On the ride there, we got to ask Solei some questions, and found out that
Hamble is his current muse, tether to this plane, and Grimlock has the blood of
a previous muse in him. Kinda weird, but okay.

Rhage also asked in Set that we tone down our personality a bit. Guess it's
just a bit too much otherwise. 

Rhage is a half orc. Very cool! Very strong!

During watch, I met a traveler by the name of Daedrian. We had a nice
heart-to-heart about belonging and never being truly alone... Maybe I should
open up to my party a bit more.

...I asked if any of them felt like where they are, or were, isn't/wasn't right
. They all laughed and Rhage explained how she never felt like she belonged.
Honestly, a lot of good conversation here. Hamble is a hobo, so case and point
he doesn't belong. And Lucacul is a bugbear, so again, pretty obvious as to
that feeling.

The city of Set seemed a little panicked. Rhage was called Lucia, her friend
Beau seemed to be missing. He was taking a walk though. Wonder why she was
called something else?

We talked with Beau a little bit and decided to go for drinks, then go meet
Rhage's family. 