Dear diary,

Today the town celebrated some sort of festival, Aganar I think it was called.
Apparently, some hero in the past defeated this thing that threatened the town,
called a Musicana Aganar, and upon winning the fight the town remembered the
hero with this celebration. Grimlock passed on seeing people, Lucacul was
watching the Julio statue, Hamble was passed out in his hammock, and Maren was
still back in Horus, so it was just Rhage and me going through the stands.

Rhage met me at the bridge between her house and the town, and we headed into
the square but were interrupted by Vincent, excited to see Rhage awake and to
show us to the family's booth. Rhage's mother had made some sweets to sell, and
smiled when she saw Rhage. Then we happened to hear a voice that neither of us
will be forgetting anytime soon: Fish and Barrel. The two of them had set up a
magic item stand on the other sided of the square, and Beau was over there too,
so we had to go and see what all they had. I ended up finding a Lute of Destiny
that, if I do say so myself, made me pretty amazing at playing the lute! I don't
even know how to play the lute! Rhage said it sounded horrible though, and to
never pull it back out, but like, how was I supposed to ignore it, it had
"destiny" in its name! It turns out, that Beau had bought a Wand of
Disintegration, and Rhage picked up an Amulet of Spell Storing after threatening
Fish and Barrel to get them to shut up.

After that misadventure, we headed back to Rhage's family and picked up some of
the baked goods to enjoy. I picked up an apple sized doughnut that tasted
incredible and Rhage grabbed a bakers dozen of Arcane Party Muffins that made 
our eyes change colors, which is pretty freakin' cool! After Beau and Rhage
talked for a bit, Beau went off to go play some games and Rhage pulled me aside
to talk in a bit more of a private setting, confessing to me that she likes both
Beau and Grimlock. I'll be honest, I can keep the secret, but I'm not sure I'll
really be helpful in providing advice about what to do from here. Maybe I'll ask
Grimmlock what his feelings for Rhage are and help relay them on, but I've gotta
do it sneakily.

Next, we went to the "booze booth" and picked up some specialty alcohol, cause
why not, and then we went to play some games. Rhage walked us up to the
slingshot gallery and showed me how to play, hitting most of the targets! She
was really fast on the draw too. After her, I took my turn, and my first round
was okay, as I dialed in how the slingshot really worked, and then it kind of
felt like my hands were being guided as I shot target after target with ease.
The guy running the game said he'd never seen anything like that, and gave me a
throwing shield and a pasta pass to Olive Garden, whatever that is, as a reward.

Then, it was time for the egg hunt. Vincent was super excited, and Rhage said
that we'd help him win, to help keep his spirits high. After finding a good
dozen of acorns, I mean eggs, Vincent ran a bit further into the woods as Rhage
and I enjoyed nature for a moment; that is, until we heard this ghastly sound
and something yelling about it wanting its egg back. We raced into the woods
and found Vincent's basket, but not Vincent himself. Rhage, a little panicked,
raced back towards the village and asked that I gathered back up Vincent's
basket as she went to get what whatever this thing was asking for. She sped up
to Fish, took him to the side of the house their stall was in front of, and
asked very firmly for the egg back, at least that's what she told me. She
mentioned she saw it earlier in the day, but that she couldn't get it from him
then.

With the egg in hand, Rhage made her way back to the bridge where we met that
morning, her dad following close behind with an axe, as it looked like he
wanted to help fight whatever we were about to find. It seems he loses the stick
up his ass when it's his son's life on the line. So now the three of us head
into the woods to find this weird bunny thing, and I hear Rhage call it the
Aganar. It and Rhage strike a deal to exchange the kid in the burlap sack for
the egg. Fortunately, it was Vincent, though he was out cold. Rhage told Pierre
to take Vincent back to town, and we fought the Aganar as it kept screaming at
us to stay away from its egg. Very weird creature, honestly. After a bit of a
tough fight, I end up jamming my sword through its throat as its attention was
on Rhage and I feel like my hands are being guided again as this thing's head
just bursts with a beam of light.

In the quiet aftermath, we're greeted by a spirit who thanks us for fighting the
Aganar and returning it to rest. She mentioned being the hero of legend, and
that as long as the egg is undisturbed it should stay at rest. Rhage gets the
idea to hide it in the wall to make sure no one finds it, the spirit thanks us
once again, and we make our way back to the village.

Fish and Barrel are just starting to try to sneak out of the crowd when Rhage
catches them and brings them to in front of her mother. She asks if these are
the ones responsible for endangering her son, to which Rhage nods, and gives
both of them a swift kick to the jewels. Oof. Remind me not to get on her bad
side.
