Dear diary,

After we got out of the mountain pass, we caught Kassian up to speed around the
things that we've been fighting and the things that we know. Like who the Sea of
Stars is, what the Star Children are, who Solei is, and all that jazz. He
honestly took it pretty well. Go figure. Oh right! Solei is the Spark of
Creation! Whoops, kinda slipped my mind. Well, it was good to see that he was
still doing well.

I got to talk with Kassian at the camp in the evening. He also was a wondering
soldier/mercenary kind of person, like I was, so they definitely have some
experience fighting who knows what. Very chill overall though, and they
understand that what we're going after is a pretty big deal. Oh, I also got to
show off my shield to Kassian, and it complimented the both of us a lot! Rhage
got a little upset though cause she wanted to get more sleep, so I had to take
it back off of Speaker mode.

I got to make everyone breakfast in the morning! Kassian was a little hesitant,
but agreed to eat the little treat I made for later too! Kassian also had
trouble taking his tent down, but we helped him. Turns out, he's used to just
sleeping under the stars.

While traveling, the weather was lovely today, but Hamble seemed to be a bit on
edge. Rhage got him to start calming down and he ended up creating a doll out of
nowhere! How cool is that?! Agh! Based the design of the doll off his sister. I
didn't even know he had a sister! Very good singing voice, but apparently
talking about her is hard for Hamble, so I stopped asking questions.

I was (rudely) woken up by the scream of star children. These things were super
annoying and could hit way harder than they had any right to. Rhage went into a
very protective stance putting herself between the star children and Hamble at
every opportunity she could. I actually ended up taking out two of them with
some really strong hits, glad I could help contribute to the group! And Hamble
ended up having a weird starfish-like star child wrap around his face, but he
was still able to heal us while this was going on, and Rhage finally ripped it
off his face! I followed after to hit it and then it jumped onto my face! Jerk.
Rhage pulled it off super quickly though! Oh! I should probably mention Rhage
was breathing fire. I didn't really know she could do that, but hey! awesome.
Kassian is also a great shot with a bow! To finish the fight, I impaled the last
star child and let Rhage breathe fire at the thing to completely end it.

After the fight, some figure with a ridiculous accent showed up and taunted us
about the star children we just fought. He said that he was smarter than his
brother Godwin. I think this is the anchor Solei told us was waiting for us at
Iido Retreat. I dunno, I was never good at all this magic and other plane kind
of stuff.

Rhage called me "one of hers". Does...does she actually care about me as a
friend? I mean, she stepped in front of all of us when that anchor showed up,
but I figured she was just trying to protect Hamble. But to think that she may
actually consider me a friend, someone she'd be willing to protect, I...I'm
really happy. there are a few tear stains on the dairy page around this area She
even bandaged up some of my wounds after the fight. Hells, she bandaged all of
us up.

Hamble was also pretty shell shocked after the fight. Poor guy, must be going
through a lot. Kassian and I took second watch after the fight. Apparently he
doesn't need to sleep. That's actually pretty cool, even if a little concerning.

We easily made it to Iido Harbor and paid our fee to get onto the boat to Iido
retreat. Kassian seemed a bit distracted when we got to the harbor, but
reassured Rhage that he was doing fine. It was nice to see the water again.
Rhage hadn't been on a boat before. I...I think I may have felt someone there
with me while I was standing on the bow. Felt kind of like a friend being with
me. It was nice.
