Dear diary,


Today was an interesting day. I somehow found myself on a prison transport
wagon, I guess I found myself working with the wrong crowd. Guess that's
what I get for trusting people without asking what the job was gonna be.
Oh well, just another bump in the road.


On the transport, I met a couple of interesting folks! One guy is like an old
sharpshooter, he's actually really good with a gun! His name is Grimlock,
though he doesn't seem too friendly. Maybe he'll come around.

Another is, what I can only assume to be, homeless, but he, Hamble seems to be
well known by the city guards. He talks to himself a lot, but he held himself
well in combat.

The third really interesting one is a woman, Rhage, who honestly is a little
scary, but at the same time is really amazing in her abilities! Apparently she
actually murdered someone! Though it sounds like maybe she was actually
justified in her actions? I wonder if I can talk to her about that... Guy was a
member of the True Inhabitants, I say she was justified by that alone.

Oh! On the way to the prison our carriage was attacked! The two members of
Fiends Chosen, Fish and Barrel, mentioned that their gang was gonna come save
them and ended up helping us too! But then we were ambushed by these really
weird purple monsters called "Star Children". Grimlock knew what they were too.

Rhage ended up taking out many of the Star Children all on her own! And Hamble
was able to use just his words to make them screech out in pain! Oh!! And then!
Then Grimlock used a gun to blow a couple of their heads clean off! It was soo
cool!

After taking out the Star Children we were taken to the Council, who offered us
a bit of pay to take out the Star Children, the True Inhabitants, and Fiends
Chosen.

After talking with the Council, Fish and Barrel took us back to their
headquarters, where we met Father Dread. He offered us a place in their
"family" if we can pass a test tomorrow, which Grimlock found out was going to
be a boxing-type fight!

It sounds like Grimlock wants to go against the Council and work directly with
Fiends Chosen. They would pay us more and it seems we can fight the True
Inhabitants better that way. How cool would it be to have "Gang Slayer" as a
part of the story.