Dear diary,

After the, uh, intense events of the night, Rhage suggested I start working on
breakfast. It was nice for a moment, and then we heard this really ominous
whistle. Kassian seemed to back up, but I was focused on finding where the sound
was coming from. In the clearing in the front of the came, we saw another star
child heading our way before watching it fall straight to the ground to reveal
Grimlock aiming down a barrel at it.

After exchanging some pleasantries and catching up, I started working on some
extra food so everyone could eat as he'd be joining us for the day, and while
Rhage tried to ask about what happened after the fight she realized that it
might be better to ask later and dropped the conversation for the moment.
Honestly, I'm glad she did. Hamble was pretty wiped out, so he kept sleeping
through breakfast.

We headed off for where Fabian was supposed to be located, and happened upon a
well dressed man who asked what we were there for. After being told what to say
by Rhage, I was able to get us entry into a really nice looking building, where
the man, Archibald? said we'd be able to relax and have as good of a time as we
wanted. Inside it was really well furnished, and honestly very comfortable
looking. Lucacul, Kassian, and I made our way up to a stage where some people
were dancing, it looked kind of fun, while Rhage and Grimlock got a feel for the
place. Grimlock did his usual scouting thing, and Rhage went to the bar to see
how the drinks were. She got really blushy while enjoying whatever the bartender
gave her, but I figured she'd be all right. Later, the well dressed guy came
back out and said it was almost time for the raffle for who would get to win a
night with the Master, whatever that meant. Rhage ended up winning it, and after
she followed the guy back, Grimlock came over, and we ended up purposefully
making a bit of a scene to be able to follow them back without getting into
trouble.

At the back of the place, we heard Rhage talking with someone, and charged the
door to break it down, finding Rhage about to be bitten by Fabian Dread, which
was weird cause I thought he was a succubus, is this another sex thing? Anyways,
he said something and Rhage turned to start fighting us! Wow she hits super
hard. Lucacul, Kassian, and I fought Rhage, cause Grimlock ran ahead to chase
after Fabian. Shouldn't he have waited? I mean, safety in numbers, right? That's
what he told Rhage back in Dorran. Anyways, I finally knocked Rhage out and the
man in the snazzy outfit showed back up, upset that we were fighting in this
place, so he started attacking us too? Wasn't he upset that we were fighting
here? People make no sense sometimes. I was able to help Rhage stand back up,
and as I smiled at her, the snazzy guy told her to keep fighting, and I took
another attack from her. Did I mentioned that she hits really hard? I have no
idea how Grimlock was doing against Fabian, all we could hear were gunshots and
shouting.

- Jet went straight to cooking
- Grimlock ended up showing up after taking out a star child
  - Rhage and Grimlock exchanged stories while I cooked food
- My shield has an inscription of last night, with me hunched over
- We found the cult in the mountains.
  - Really nice place
  - Fun shows going on
  - Pretty dancers
  - Very good drinks
  - Rhage enjoyed some drinks and the flirting from the bartender
    - very flustered, maybe a bit uncomfortable
- Rhage "won" a night with "The Master" (Fabian)
  - We all followed silently and breached the room
    - Fabian was about to bite Rhage
  - Rhage attacked us
  - Grimlock left the rest of the group to chase after Fabian
  - After Rhage was knocked out, Archibald showed up
    - Rhage still wanted to attack us after being knocked out
