Dear diary,

We immediately came upon Alabastor in the the volcano, and as he tried to talk,
Rhage went in for an attack without waiting. It was a tough fight, Rhage
actually went down for a moment, but we made sure that she wasn't out for long.
I felt a little useless, actually, it was hard to do too much to him as he
stayed out of range for most of the fight. Oh! But I was able to ask Deadrian
for guidance at one point to find Alabastor as he was invisible. Once Alabastor
went down, the grip he had on Elanor seemed to loosen and she was able to take
actions on her own, even cut her own hand off to expel Alabastor from her body.
Man, this magic stuff is weird.

We all had a really cool moment though, once Alabastor was released from the
body; Rhage threw him into the air, Kassian shot at him and held him in stasis
for just a moment, then I threw a javelin at him, impaling him into a wall,
Lucacul drove him back off the javelin with his glaive and put these fire
shackles onto him, and Hamble, to finish him off, told him that he always comes
through on his promises, as he threw Alabastor into the lava below him.

I need to start saying "absotively-posilutely". Rhage said it and it just
sounded great! Kassian and Pierre went to the bathhouse to go rest and
recuperate. Hamble went to talk to his family, Rhage, Lucacul, and I talked a
bit about going to a beach, and then we all headed back to the hotel for a nice
relaxing bath. But, instead of a bath, I cooked a meal again; figured we could
all use a nice meal after the hard day we had. Hamble also made an amazing cake
that Rhage claimed a stake to, but Hamble made sure it could be shared. Solei
took on a more adult form, now that an anchor was taken out. Rhage seemed a bit
sad about, but overall was okay.
