Dear diary,

I saw Kassian come out of Pierre's room this morning. Wonder what he was doing
in there. Pierre offered I could come to breakfast, but I decided to go for a
jog instead. Came back in to breakfast with everyone, Kassian and Rhage were
both acting a little weird. Oh well! Off to town we go.

Rhage bought us some potions with most the group's winnings from the fight
yesterday. We also got some more dango (this stuff is really good!) and saw some
cats. Still iffy with them after Tory, but Hamble seemed to like them.

We met back up with Kassian after some shopping, looks like he did some sort of
intense workout! Then Rhage teased him a bit, and we headed off for the mines.
Rhage reassured Hamble that we were all gonna go through this together and be
okay. When we got to the mines, Rhage blasted the cavern open and we heard some
sort of super ominous music. The mines were quiet, up until we got to this room
with some large crystals, and then these crystal things came out of the walls
and started attacking us! The biggest one went to hit Hamble a lot and we heard
his grandfather speaking through it? Seemed like he thought Hamble needed to
learn some sort of lesson, but Rhage, Kassian, and I did our best to keep his
attention away from him. In the end, Kassian make an amazing shot that brought
the crystal structure to its knees and I was able to drag my sword through its
eye? thing. It was so cool to kill it that way! Oh! And Hamble was able to
summon Solei as a puppet into the battle to help us out!

We somehow ended up on some sort of beach where we saw an image of a child named
Elanor and an older man who spoke very roughly at the child. She didn't seem to
like talking back, but she responded as necessary. Rhage thinks that Elanor's
abusive behavior towards Hamble was learned through her childhood. After seeing
that we made it back to another cavern.

We ran into some shadowy specters in the cave. They used forms of trusted people
in our lives. It...it used my mom as my trusted person. I decapitated it, and...
and I heard her scream as I killed her. I know it used her voice to call me her
hero, but I haven't earned that yet. One day I will. Rhage say Beau, and Kassian
saw someone else, but not really sure who. I... I felt a lot of anger during
that fight. I wanted nothing more than to protect everyone else.

Hamble's family has a really rough past. We got to see some of it in these
memory kind of things as we were going through the caves. Alabastor beat his
daughter, Hamble's mom, a lot. I'm glad that Hamble was able to break this
cycle, I can't really imagine it was easy to do, but he's definitely strong for
being able to do so.
