Dear diary,

Fish and Barrel woke us up for breakfast today. We ate pretty quickly and
headed to the initiation. Grimlock did not want to give up hid weapons and he
was somehow allowed to keep them by his side. During the fight, Rhage,
Lucacul, and I were kind of surrounded but we handled things pretty well. Rhage
let out a blood curdling cry and seriously started to lay into these guys. I
took a bit of time to get back into fist fighting but did pretty good once I
got into it. Lucacul ended up growing super huge! How cool is it he can do
that!! 

Lucacul and Maren are new people we met during initiation. Maren seemed jittery
and nervous, but excited to get into the fight and see how we do. Grimlock
ended up walking on the wall and then dropped onto one of the combatants! Dude!
Why is everyone so freaking cool?!?! Lucacul ended up flattening a few of the
initiates, and Grimlock stabbed a couple of them with horns of other members. I
don't think we ended up letting anyone live. Father Dread was actually not
super upset with us.

We were given the rest of the day off to shop, freshen up, and relax to be
ready for a job tonight. Grimlock kinda left after we went for some
relaxation. 

Fish and Barrel took us shopping today. Nice guys. Funny accents. Hamble is
able to get sober super fast!

Lucacul wears a helmet a lot, kinda like Rhage and her mask. What's going on?

Bought some potions for the party too! Yay I got to help with something!

Hmm it seems like there's something between Rhage and Grimlock, but I've got no
clue what!

Father Dredd wants us to get a Ring of Spell Storing. SHould be an easy job.
Steal it from the mages college. Then take out the Lawyer from the True
Inhabitants. 