Dear diary.

It wasn't long after we showed up in Set and talked with Beau that who should
appear other than Grimlock! I knew the old bugger missed us! Beau mentioned
something about Rhage calling him a silver fox too, which Rhage seemed to get
a bit embarrassed by. Soon after he arrived, we all headed to the tavern to
drink a bit and explain the situation as to why we're here and what our plan
was going to be. When Rhage learned that her step-father was out of town for
the moment, she very quickly said we're going to her house and didn't wait for
the rest of us to really agree or not, though we all followed of course.

At her house, her mother was surprised to see her coming up the path, and her
little brother was ecstatic to see her again. Seems she's been away for about
six months or so. Rhage went to go talk with her mother while Lucacul, Hamble,
Grimlock, and I entertained Vincent. Hamble talked about magic, Grimlock shot
a hole through a few trees, and Lucacul and I showed off our weapons a little
bit. Vincent was really into it, though Rhage came back and gave an earful to
Grimlock for shooting the trees.

Rhage told us we had a free meal as we were staying for dinner and, after
sighing, took her mask down to reveal that some of her skin was missing, and she
had some exposed teeth on the left side. Honestly, looks like she went through
a lot to gain a wound like that. Must've been tough, but she seems to have
figured out how to deal with it, strong as she is. She was also rather stunned
by our reactions, we didn't turn away or look at her fearfully, and Grimlock
just laughed at the idea, saying with everything we've recently been through
this was probably the least crazy thing for us to have seen.

Dinner went well, Rhage's mother made an excellent meal, and we told her a bit
about why we were actually in town. She, rightfully so, was concerned about
the serial killer in the woods, but we assured her we'd take care of it.
Once Vincent was away from the table, we discussed our plan and decided I
would be the bait for Julio, as he seemed to be after pretty people (aww they
think I'm pretty!) and I know how to defend myself in a fight. Beau needed to
go to the restroom and Grimlock wouldn't let him leave the house alone, so he
followed after.

Outside, they ran into Rhage's step-father, home earlier than expected, and a
fight almost broke out as Grimlock called into the house to let us know he was
there. When her step-father came in, it kind of felt like the entire air of the
room changed, everything felt more tense and stern. Rhage warned us he didn't
really like those who were different than him, so imagine his surprise when a
bugbear, an elf and a shifter were all sitting at his table!

After a bit of an awkward interaction and standoff between us and Rhage's dad
we left the house to make our way out to the woods to set our trap, but Rhage
heard a strange noise behind the house and sprinted that direction. As we
rounded the back corner we saw this golem thingy and our target kidnapping Beau
from the outhouse and a fight broke out! The golem was tough to hit, but we kept
at it while Grimlock shot at Julio while possible. After taking a shot or two
Julio started looking around a little panicked, he definitely didn't see the
night going like this, and I guess he saw his reflection in my armor or
something because he started to change into stone. Who knew this always shiny
armor would come in such use! I just bought it 'cause I thought it would help my
story! From there, we were able to focus all of our attention on the golem
still holding Beau. It seemed he also made it harder for us to move faster
against it, which was weird to see. In the end, the golem took a swing at
Lucacul, missed, and I was able to run up its arm to lop its head right off!

Rhage rushed towards Beau to make sure he was okay, and Lucacul noticed that
the inside of the stone-y golem was actually fleshy, which, gross. Once Beau
came to, we made sure everyone was okay and made plans for the night. Lucacul,
and I would head to the inn with the statue of Julio planning to take him back
to Duran soon, Rhage would stay at her place with her parents, Hamble just
wanted a hammock for outside, and Grimlock set up a small camp for himself, I
think close to Rhage's but who knows with him.
