Dear diary,

Rhage and Hamble went to go talk to Feng, and I went to go talk with Rhath about
how I could help with preparations for the coming party. Turns out, I need to
learn how to jelly things, cause jellied sahuagin eyes are a delicacy to them,
but I have no idea how to do that. Maybe I can learn and come back to do that
for them in the future! Anyways, I helped prepare the food with some others, and
Rhath was super impressed! Even asked if I wanted to stay around, and as cool as
that would be, there's more to my story that has yet to unfold. I also told him
that I come from the Jagdtier clan... I haven't actually heard the clan name in
quite a while, it felt strange, almost foreign. But I'm sure I'll earn it back
one of these days. Anyways, Rhath mentioned that shifter tribes have been
getting scarcer and aren't trading as much as they have in the past. I really
hope mom and dad are okay. He even mentioned he hadn't seen the Jagdtier tribe
in a while. Maybe I can convince everyone to help me look for them once this
whole Sol business is over.

Before the festivities started, I left my tent to find Kassian, Hamble, and
Rhage, and it looked like Rhage may have had a bit of a limp. Must've slept on
something wrong. And then Lucacul came out of a tent as well, a little bit after
Ovak, and he also had a limp- oh! Oh, well good for them!! Sorry, stream of
conscious writing, I just got what happened! After a bit of teasing each other,
and Rhage, Lucacul, and Kassian talking in a language I didn't understand, we
headed over to the fire where the festivities were starting to kick off. We got
to drink a bit, talk to Rhage's brothers about things they'd done, and had a
pretty good time. that is until Brakka slammed the door of Rhath's hut open
silently leaving the camp while muttering about how this party is a waste of
time. Rhage stood up to her as she tried to leave the camp, saying how if Brakka
didn't understand how being a group like this was good for moral, and how having
kindness is not a weakness, then she felt sorry for her and that she must be
lonely. Brakka yelled at Rhage about how she'll never be good enough for the
Stonebreakers (I highly doubt that). A fight broke out between Rhage and Brakka
and they both immediately went into yelling and raging at each other. Rhage was
hit pretty hard by Brakka, and all the Stonebreakers came in to hold both Rhage
and Brakka back. I tried to step in to make it harder to hit Rhage as well and
finally Hamble was able to put both of them on the ground with a single word:
fall. Once she got up, Rhage left to go be on her own, and Kassian and Hamble
followed her. I was too worked up, and told Brakka that Rhage's story was
greater than hers would ever be and ran off to be in a tent.

I'm not sure if I'll tell Rhage this, but to some extent I get her pain. I know
the want to belong, to be a part of your clan...or your tribe. I was screaming
in the tent about how she deserves to be there, questioning why she wasn't good
enough...why _we_ weren't good enough. I didn't even hear Lucacul come in, but
he saw and heard me out, and gave me some words of wisdom about taking things
one day at a time, and being the makers of our stories. I really hope Brakka
gets to see just how amazing Rhage is. I hope they all do, and they see the clan
that she's made for herself.
