Dear diary,

We made it to the Carnelian safely, and inside Kassian found Pierre! Who knew
he'd be there? He was actually surrounded by a bunch of other women, but Rhage
was able to get his attention and he walked outside with Kassian. Lucacul was
pretty quick to fill the seat that he left, and the ladies around him seemed to
be interested in him too! Good for him. Rhage drank a couple of really heavy
drinks, and didn't eat much. She's been acting kinda weird since we picked up
the Esca bounty, but she keeps saying she's fine, so I'm just gonna keep an eye
on her. And after a few drinks she and Hamble went to sleep for the night.

Lucacul ended up getting a lot of attention from the ladies he was around and
went to bed with four of them! Kassian and Pierre then headed to their room and
I went to mine for the night. However, while I was taking my armor off, Kassian
joined me in the bedroom. I'll admit, I was surprised, I thought he and Pierre
would be spending the night together, but it was nice to have someone else in
the room.

In the morning, Kassian said I mentioned some things in my sleep, but I don't
recall a thing! And then Kassian got Rhage's help to get ready for his date with
Pierre. While they were off on a date, we went shopping! Got a lot of potions,
and I gave most of the money I got from the bounty to Rhage, cause I didn't
really know what else to spend it on other than some javelins and health
potions. Lucacul bought some arrows, and Hamble got some glasses with a
darkvision enchantment, while Rhage picked up some bracers of defense and a
chest of preserving.

- Got to the Carnelian
  - Kassian and Pierre set up a date
  - Lucacul got the attention of a lot of ladies
- Rhage drank a lot and hardly ate
  - Went to bed with Hamble early
  <!-- without Jet -->
  - Rhage hasn't talked with her father since she was five
    - Left in Set by him with her mother
    - She felt she didn't belong there
      - Was attacked by gray ooze in forest
      - Ooze was found by villages for explicit purpose of attacking her
    - Brakka said Rhage would never be orc enough
      - Brakka is eldest sister
  - Hamble encourages Rhage that she is enough
  - Rhage admits she hates her size
- Lucacul left with four women for the night
- Kassian came to bunk with Jet
- Jet had some nightmares
  - Doesn't remembers
- Pierre and Kassian have a date planned for the date
<!-- without Jet -->
- Hamble reassures Rhage that her scar isn't a problem - Even mentions that
after more training he may be able to heal it completely
<!-- without Jet -->
- Rhage helped Kassian get ready for his date
  - bought him nice clothes
  - Rhage mentioned noticing interesting things about Kassian
    - doesn't sleep
    - doesn't eat
    - foggy memories
  - braided his hair
  <!-- without Jet -->
- Kassian and Pierre go on a date
  - Pierre gets Kassian a jade elephant
  - Pierre keeps spending all his money
  - goes to get food
  - goes for a walk after food
  - they talked about the fight with Fabian
  - Pierre asked Kassian to stay the night with him
    - Kassian reluctantly rejected as he was concerned for Jet's health
- The group does a lot of shopping
  - Hamble gets darkvision glasses enchantments and lots o potions
  - Rhage gets bracers of defense, a chest of preserving, and potions
  - Lucacul gets a lot of potions, arrows, and javelins
  - Jet gets javelins, potions, and gives the rest of his money Rhage
