Dear diary,

It was quiet this morning when we woke up. Rhath went to check on the perimeter,
and the rest of us kinda just sat around the fire as I worked on a quick
breakfast. Rhath ended up dragging John Defthand, that Triads guy, back to the
camp, and I went to wake up Rhage, who went from "Leave me alone" to "I'm gonna
rip his head off" real quick. Made sure to stay out of her way. But she did have
some amazing threats against him, like taking his hands because the situation
was out of them. Defthand tried to convince us that the dea wasn't anything
personal, it was just a matter of Triad business. He did tell us that some of
the Triad's muscle were still working for the Redhawks and where we'd be able to
find them, and said that if we never see each other again then that's fine by
him. (Oh! Side note: he recognized what we've been doing as "hero work"! How
cool is that! I still don't like him though, selling out the Stonebreaker's
location was dirty)

We made it to the Redhawk's main camp and had a hell of a fight, but eventually
made it through their ranks after watching just how amazing Rhage, Rhath, and
Brakka all are in a fight! Rhath even threw Rhage at the last wizard who was
flying to bring him down! Regardless what happens between the Rhage and Brakka
in their fight, I'm sure Rhage her proven she's a Stonebreaker through and
through! After a bit of rest, Ovak found a tunnel that led further into the
fortress and the Stonebreaker hung back to cover us from reinforcements as we
headed deeper in. We found Esca trying to access this weird magic orb thing,
swearing how she was going to wipe the Stonebreakers out with its power and we
challenged her to a fight! This must be the relic they've been looking for! Time
for Rhage to prove who she is, and make her story even greater!

- quiet morning
- Rhath went for a perimeter scan
  - dragged John Defthand back to the camp
    - Rhage is pissed at him
  - deal wasn't a personal thing, it was a matter of triad business
    - trying to provide information when caught
    - Rhage threatened to take his hands
  - three fangs partially runs the government?
  - Defthand knows where the Redhawks are
    - now looking at tipping the deal in the favor of the Stonebreakers
      - because the Stonebreakers survived the ambush
  - Defthand gives us the location of the Redhawks, we (hopefully) deal with the
    triad again
    - he did recognize us as doing "hero work" though
  - at being untied he essentially just disappeared?
    - weird
  - Jet's thoughts: gods I hate this guy
- Headed to Redhawk keep
  - Rengar stayed back to keep an eye on Feng
  - some foot soldiers seem to have a primitive gun
    - like Grimlock used to have
    - lots of enemies
  - Triads definitely seem to use slave labor
  - Stonereakers are amazing fighters!
  - Rhath literally threw Rhage to kill the last mage
- Rested after the combat
- Ovak found a tunnel
  - Stonebreaker's hang back to cover our rear while we go for the relic
  - soft chanting in a tomb-y/chamber
    - shades watching
  - Found Esca
    - punching some kind of dome of fire?
    - Rhage called her bird bitch
    - Esca calls three dogs forth
