Dear diary,

What can I say? The fight against Esca was truly epic! Her three wolves weren't
really much of a match for us, though they did take our attention from Esca for
a moment. There was a moment where Esca...convinced? goaded? charmed?... me into
attacking Lucacul...how could I be weak enough to let that happen? It won't
happen again. Once Rhage saw that she had an opportunity, she ran into the giant
sphere thing that Esca was angry with when we showed up and disappeared. Moments
later she reappeared with these awesome looking gauntlets that seemed to make
Esca's blood boil even more than it already was! Rhage started hurling rocks and
punching Esca, until Esca transformed into a werewolf and we all ganged up on
her. I won't say it was an easy fight, we definitely had to work together on it
and be smart about our positioning, but Rhage was finally able to chase her down
in the end, give her the ole one-two punch, and then ripped her head off as a
trophy!

We made it back to the rest of the Stonebreakers and then back to the makeshift
camp where we all rested after the battles of the day. Brakka called Rhage a
true Stonebreaker; I can't express how happy I was to hear that. I wanted to
apologize to Lucacul, but couldn't find the moment to do so. And then Rhage and
Feng got to talk about how he felt with the missing legs and how he felt
"broken" and like a burden. Rhage kept telling him he's still a Stonebreaker and
that he's still valuable to the tribe, and that they can get him some
prosthetics in Duran, which is where we'll be headed back to soon to turn in the
bounty.

- fight against esca
  - took out the three dogs
  - Esca charmed Jet into a blood rage
    - attacked Lucacul
      - there's deep regret here that he's suppressing
  - Esca charmed Kassian and Hamble as well
  - Rhage went into earthy sphere
    - talked with Garth
    - Creation and Destruction are part of the same cycle
    - walked out with badass gauntlets
  - Esca turned into a werewolf
  - Rhage killed her with the gauntlets!
  - Rhage rips off her head for the bounty
- Healed up the Stonebreakers
  - Brakka called Rhage a Stonebreaker
  - Feng feels "broken" about losing his legs
    - like he doesn't belong with the Stonebreakers anymore
    - Rhage is reassuring that he does
