Dear diary,

As I mentioned, that hurt shifter kid turned into some kind of monster and
attacked Rhage and me with a breath attack of some sort, and ended up knocking
Rhage out for the fight. It was quite the encounter, I ran up to take the thing
on head on and a ton of star children showed up from the shadows. Everyone
sprang into action, and Kassian ended up running as a distraction for another
one of the big guys in the fight, allowing the rest of us to have time to focus
on the creatures that we could. The shapeshifter thing ended up running away, I
think it said it would come back for us another time.

After the fight we did a roll call, and found out that Peter and John died
during the fight, but that there were still nine of us there including Rhage.
Richard, Jonah, and Allias all swore that this was Preston and he had been with
us since entering, Lucacul too actually, but Kassian, Hamble, and I knew better
and attacked his. As it turns out, he was another star child, one that could
change shapes as if made of clay, which is super concerning. With the new
information about star children being a thing, Allias and Jonah suggested we
head back to camp to recover and strategize for the upcoming trips. As much as I
want to explore and find the shifters who are going missing, I had to agree.

I had more nightmares last night too. I watched everyone die to the shadows.
Telling me to run, to get away, that it would be all right. It has hard to see
it happen, it felt so real. Jonah gave me some medicine to help with the
nightmares. Hopefully they calm down here soon.

- Attacked by lots of creatures
- John and Peter died in the fight
  - Preston showed up after Peter died. Very suspicious
- Preston was an impostor
  - Some sort of shape changer
  - Some kind of clay thing?
- Leaving the wilds to recover and recuperate
- Jonah gave Jet some sleep medicine to help with nightmares
