Dear diary,

Lucacul stopped me from leaving the tent this morning and made sure I was all
right. It was kinda weird, I didn't expect to be stopped, but it was also nice
to know just how much he cares. I told him I was doing fine and we left to meet
up with the others. Rhath informed us that we would be helping Brakka out with a
mission today, assaulting a Redhawk camp and coming back with some gunpowder
barrels. I know, I know, Brakka, and she was the leader for the mission too, but
it actually wasn't terrible. She kinda just let Rhage do her thing with
commanding her boys (I'm included in that!) and Brakka would worry about her
men.

Kassian and Brakka's archer took a sneak attack against some of the sentries,
and we ended up fighting for a really long time. Turns out the Redhawk leader at
this camp was a werewolf, and was a pretty tough one at that, but Brakka charged
into the camp to take the attention from the archers so that we could focus on
the Redhawk, and Rhage eventually was able to take her down! There were a few
dicey moments where we thought we were gonna lose Lucacul and Rhage, but Hamble
came in clutch with his healing, and we were all fine!

After the fight, we searched the camp and found four kegs of gunpowder which was
supposed to be sent to the Redhawks away camp, and we found the coordinates and
the courier's name. Rhage also found some notes about where the gunpowder came
from, which was New Albien, and she found a blueprint for handheld firearms that
could use the gunpowder. After going through the loot, Rhage admitted to Brakka
that she admired Brakka when she was a kid, and that she recognized they both
had very similar fighting styles, even if they do go at each others' throats
often. Then they went off to go talk to each other in a bit more of a private
setting while the rest of us rested. I was gonna try to help Brakka's guys move
the gunpowder, but Rhage and Brakka both told me, very sternly might I add, to
"sit" and I couldn't really argue with both of them.

- Lucacul stopped Jet from leaving the tent to make sure he was okay
  - Jet promised he was good
- Rhath told us we were to help Brakka take a camp with gunpowder barrels
  - Brakka _is_ the leader for the mission
- Brakka suggests we split up as we get to the camp for a pincer attack
  - Rhage gets to have command over her boys
- Kassian and Brakka's archer starts the fight by firing at other archers
  - Lots of enemies
  - Lucacul went down
    - Brought back up
  - Rhage went down
    - Brought back up
  - Redhawk werewolf lady is a bitch
  - Rhage got to kill Redhawk
    - Not Esca
- Jet found the gunpowder at the big tent
  - 4 kegs
- Rhage looked for notes or letters in the big tent
  - smuggled from New Albien
  - smuggled blueprints for handheld firearms from a researcher
    - 1 in 10 chance of exploding
  - Gunpowder will be sent to the "away camp"
    - coords for away camp
    - courier Duncan
  - Rhage admitted that she admired Brakka as a kid
    - now confused due to similar fighting style while disdain for each other
    - Though Brakka does seem to have some respect for Rhage after the fight

<!--Jet not present -->

- Rhage getting to talk with Brakka
  - Asks why she's hated
  - Brakak's mom died and a month later Rhath found a human woman
    - Mom dies without a weapon in hand
    - Had a kid
    - Rhath prayers for the kid too
  - Brakka has earned the totems she carries
    - Has handled hardships of the clan
    - Never prayed for by Rhath like Rhage was
    - Angry about fighting for nature rather than for fury
      - Rhage speaking about no longer fighting only for fury and actually
        leading
    - Rhage admits she can conceptualize the pain of losing her mom
    - Rhage admits she doesn't fear or pity Brakka, but has sympathy for her
      - to prove she is orc enough
    - Brakka still unsure
