Dear diary,

We made it back to the Stonebreaker's camp and found it under seige! Those no
good Redhawks attacked while we were taking the away camp! It seemed like all of
the Stonebreakers besides Ovak and Rengar were already dead, and we sprang into
action to take care of the assailants! No sign of Brakka or Rhath though, but
once we took care of the Redhawks that were there Ovak told us they had gone
further into the forest and were fighting out there, and we took no time to slow
down as we headed straight there!

Wow were they not in good shape when we showed up! About five or six Redhawks
were still standing, including some really rather big guy in armor who looked
like the leader. As we got closer, Feng attacked from the trees and got a good
strike on the guy, but was also impaled and left bleeding on the ground against
a tree. We knew that we were under a time crunch, so we split up! Rhage and
Lucacul went after the big guy while Kassian got into a better position to shoot
these guys and Hamble and I raced to Feng to do what we could to heal him. After
he was stabilized, thanks to Hamble being able to slow all of the enemies down
and us getting to use some of our healing magic, we took out the grunts and then
focused on Duncan. And even then he was still a bit of a tough fight! Even
knocked Rhage down at one point, but we got her back up and made sure to end any
other advances Duncan could have made! Rhath and Brakka were stabilized after
the fight, and Brakka started breaking arrows off out of her body, while Feng
told us he couldn't feel his legs. I really hope he's gonna be okay.

We talked with Rhath and Brakka a bit about where to bunk down for the night,
and I suggested the away camp we just took down, because if no one returned from
the Stonebreaker seige they'd know we survived, but the away camp was already
presumed to be sacked, so it wouldn't be out of the ordinary to not hear back
from them. We gathered up Ovak and Rengar and made our way to the camp. Rhage
also mentioned that she didn't forget about talking to me. I'm...glad? It's
weird, like I don't really wanna talk about it, but at the same time, she cared
enough to tell me she still remembers and I haven't been forgotten. I dunno,
it's hard to write it out and explain it.

I talked with Kassian in the night too. They wanted to make sure I was okay, and
while I said that I was, I couldn't really believe that myself, I know Kassian
surely didn't. I told him a bit about Ivory and that he was a jerk to me growing
up. His memory still hurts, I don't like thinking about him, but I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna have to tell Rhage about him soon too. Kassian also mentioned that
he's used to being a bit of fan outcast too, as he and his mother were the only
two orcs in their village. Oh, yeah, Kassian is a half-orc! Never noticed that
before.

- Made ity back to Stonebreaker camp
  - Under seige
    - Stonebreakers not doing great
    - Lots of Redhawks
  - Saved the camp
- Brakka and Rhath further in the forest fighting something
  - Brakka and Rhath have tons of arrows and axes in their bodies
  - Brakka is unconscious
  - some guy is holding Rhath up
  - same guy impales Feng into the ground momentarily
  - Rhage and Lucacul take on Duncan Redhawk
  - Hamble slows almost everyone
  - Hamble and Jet heal Feng mid-battle
  - Ganged up on Duncan to end the fight
- Stonebreakers live
  - Feng can't feel his legs
  - Brakka started taking arrows out
    - Very unmedical
- Gonna camp the night at the away camp that was cleared out
  - Jet's suggestion to avoid suspicion of no return from the orc camp
  - Rhage didn't forget about wanting to talk to Jet about his mentality
- Jet and Kassian have a bit of a heart to heart during the night
  - Jet reveals that Ivory was a jerk but didn't dive into detail
  - Kassian reveals that he and his mom were the only two orcs in their village
    - Jet finally clocks that Kassian is a half-orc
