Dear diary,

The morning started off great!! After my morning run, Rhage said she had a gift
for me! It was a special chest, made to keep ingredients fresh, and it was
filled with all sorts of things I could cook with! Can you believe it? No one,
besides mom and dad, has ever gotten me a gift before. I felt so happy I could
cry right there. She also got Hamble some cool bracers. And after breakfast we
left Duran to head towards Doveport.

Travel was pretty easy, there was an encounter with some gnolls and a troll that
was pretty easily taken care of once Kassian killed the troll with some sort of
magic attack. And then along the road there was also this really weird cow,
cowboy, thing? Hamble made it dance and I swiftly cut it down to size, and then
was able to gather some rations from it so I could keep cooking. Oh! As we got
closer to Doveport, Rhage seemed to get flirtier with Hamble, and when she
wasn't flirty, she was really on edge.

Well, the reason for that, as she revealed to us while we rowed our way to Red
Hawk's Rest, was because she was left behind by her dad when she was young
because, as her older sister said, she wasn't orc enough, whatever that means.
Rhage told us all about how she was small for even a half-orc, and even though
her mom knew she wouldn't really be accepted by Set and wanted her to go with
her clan, her father still left her there. I promised her that she was more than
orc enough, and that she was the fiercest fighter out of all of us, and reminded
her it took three of us to take her down when she was charmed by Fabian.

At the beach on Red Hawk's Rest, we were ambushed quickly by some of the Red
Hawk's men, and boy that was a fight. Definitely took everything we had and we
still had to have some help from some Stonebreakers who were on patrol of the
island. Of course, just as our luck would have it, Rhage's older sister, Brakka,
was a part of the patrol party. She certainly was fierce in combat, and we went
on to win the battle, and them Brakka led us to the Stonebreaker's camp.

At the camp, Brakka kept insulting Rhage, saying how she was puny, and Kass and
I immediately stood up for her, but before anything could happen, Rhage's
father, Rhath, said there would be no fighting in camp, and broke things up.
Rhage got to talk with Rhath about thing that had happened when she was five,
and we got to also meet Rengar, Feng, and Ovak, more or Rhage's siblings. I was
able to tackle Rengar after watching what Rhage did.

Rhath filled us in on why the feud with Esca existed, the fact that the
Stonebreakers turned from Mistran to Garth as their deity of choice, and that
there's a relic that belonged to both clans that was supposed to symbolize the
stronger clan or something, and that whoever was able to wear them would be
deemed as a chosen of the gods. I almost shook Rhage out of her seat hearing
about this, but she told me to be keep it calm for the moment.

Oh, and the Stonebreakers were doing some sort of negotiations with Defthand,
one of the members of the Three Fangs Triad. Hamble took carew of that though
and, from what it sounded like, expertly handled the negotiations so the deal
was rejected without any bloodshed.

- Quick conversation at breakfast
- Rhage got me a gift!
  - Chest of preserving and ingredients for a week and a half!
    - Wants to cry from joy
- Traveling, easy few days
  - Gnolls ambushed at a bridge
  - Kassian took care of the troll after we kept hitting it without killing it
- Rhage is getting more tense and flirtier with Hamble as we get closer to Red
  Hawk's Rest
- We ran into a cow?
  - Hamble made it dance and Jet took it out swiftly
    - Jet got some rations
- Made it to Doveport
  - Rowing to Red Hawk's Rest
- Rhage was left by her dad because "she wasn't orc enough"
  - too small
  - mom wanted her to be with him
  - she thinks she was weak then
    - also insulted by Brakka a lot
- Landed on the island
  - Immediately attacked
  - Some Stonebreakers showed up to help
    - Including Brakka
- Met Brakka
  - She's an ass
  - Jet stood up for Rhage, Kassian at his back too
  - Rhath made it clear there will be no fighting within the camp
  - Rhage airs her grievances at being left behind at age 5
    - Rhath explained it was out of fear for her safety that he left her behind
- Red Hawks and Stonebreakers used to be allies
  - Stonebreakers changed which god they worship and broke from Red Hawks
    - From Mistran to Garth
  - Stonebreakers are searching for a relic
    - Belonged to both Stonebreakers and Red Hawks
    - Chosen of a god may wield them
      - gauntlets of some sort
- Hamble expertly handled negotiations with Defthand
  - Defthand is a part of the Three Fangs Triad
  - Rejected the offer for more mercenaries
- Got to meet Ovak and Rengar
