Dear diary,

Just in the nick of time, Hamble showed up, and Lucacul very quickly brought him
up to speed. Immediately he sprang into combat and with his help Lucacul,
Kassian, and I were able to finish fighting the well dressed butler guy. After
taking care of him, we all made or way downstairs to join Grimlock in fighting
Fabian. He was a bit arrogant, no, he was really arrogant, saying he was pretty
enough to get Hamble's girl on his lap, and I thought Hamble was about to pull a
Rhage and just go feral at that. We did what we could to keep hitting him, but
Fabian kept running away and was really hard to get a hold of. He was ruthless
in combat too, even slamming Kassian into the ground, holding up his limp body,
and saying he "broke it".

For the first time, I think I saw red for a moment, and blasted this amazing
light from my hands with Deadrian's help. It made Fabian glow too, and seemed
like it really hit hard! In my moment of anger, I told Fabian to give Rhage back
and we'd only turn him in for the bounty, but he didn't like that idea, and took
off to kidnap Rhage again! Because he was glowing though, Lucacul was able to
hit him before he could run away and slowed him down. He did still manage to
make it back upstairs, and Hamble and I chased him up there in time to see him
snap Rhage's neck. I don't think I've ever heard Hamble make the noise he did
then, but as Rhage hit the ground we heard this little child's voice say
something about getting to play. And, in both amazement and horror, we saw Rhage
stand back up with her neck snapping back into place. She turned towards Fabian
and started ripping him apart like the Rhage we know and love! Fabian was able
to hit her and knock her back out, but Grimlock shot him down before he could
run away an further.

Following Grimlock's advice we ended up finding a key to a vault and found
Fabian sleeping in a coffin. Grim took a chair leg, sharpened it, and stabbed it
into Fabian, leaving him paralyzed. And in the vault we found a ton of coin and
valuables! With the bounty about 1000 gold each! Oh! And Rhage found a really
cool weapon, gun? thing for Kassian! We dragged Fabian up to the front and Grim
said goodbye as he helped all of the patrons get back to Dorran safely. Rhage
was also really upset, that she attacked all of us and that she wasn't strong
enough to fight off Fabian. I tried to reassure her it was okay, but she wanted
to be left alone. I ended up letting her, but Hamble went to check on her and
came back a few minutes later carrying her back out to the group.

We all then headed off for Dorran and Hamble and I got to talk to Rhage about
her doll that was now missing, the same one that saved her life. Guess that
explains what happened in Fabian's room. We made camp about halfway back, maybe
more, and I took watch with Kassian that night. ...I don't want to admit to, but
I was scared about taking watch, but a hero faces their fears, legends don't
back down, so I had to. I was glad Kassian was there though. Turns out, he
doesn't remember what his favorite meal is, which is actually a little strange.
Maybe I can help figure it out! Kassian woke up Lucacul for his watch, and then
Hamble and Rhage woke us all up as a spider-y thing attacked the camp in our
sleep. We just never seem to get a break! But we took care of them and made it
through!

The next day we made it back to Dorran and turned in the bounty. Father Dread
was there too, and asked us to bring Fabian outside; odd request but okay. He
said a few words, questioning why Fabian had to become a bloodsucker, and then
ripped the coffin lid off, causing Fabian to burst into flames on the spot! We
were told to pick up our bounty from Sam, and while doing so we picked up
another one for Esca the Redhawk who was in a fight with the Stonebreakers.
Rhage was very insistent that we go immediately, so after a good night of rest,
I think that's gonna be our plan

- Hamble showed up
- We took out Archibald
- Went downstairs to fight Fabian
- Fabian insulted Hamble by saying he was pretty enough to get Rhage on his lap
- Fabian keeps running away
- Fabian Knocked Kassian out and said he "broke it"
- Jet got to cast guiding bolt and crit on the hit
- Jet offered to let him "live" if he gave Rhage back
  - Fabian said he'd rather take his girl and leave
- Fabian snapped Rhage's neck
  - She had a doll come out of her bag and she lives?
- Fabian knocked Rhage out again
  - Grimlock knocked Fabian unconscious and said we need to fid a coffin
- Found Fabian hiding in a coffin in a vault
  - 500c, 1100s, 2800g, 110p, 4 art pieces at 250g ea.
- Kassian got a cool new toy
  - Dragonbolt Blaster
- Rhage was upset that she attacked everyone else
  - thought she'd be stronger
  - Jet tried to be encouraging, she still wanted to be alone
  - Hamble went to check on her
- Grimlock headed back for Dorran with the other travelers
- We all headed back to Dorran to turn in the bounty
  - Talked with Rhage about her doll
- Jet and Kassian took first watch
  - Kassian's favorite meal is unknown
    - they don't remember? Weird.
- Lucacul took second watch
- Rhage and Hamble for watch three
  - Rhage asks if she's orc enough
  - Very sweet moments between the two of them
    - Hamble made sweets for Rhage
  - Rhage pulled up by some abomination thing
    - Spider-y weird thing and star children
- Rhage saw something from her past that actually frightened her
- Father Dread asked us to bring Fabian in the coffin outside
  - He ripped the coffin cover off and killed his son
- Turned the bounty in
  - all totaled, 1003 gold each
- Picked up a new bounty for Esca the Red Hawk
  - Feuding with the StoneBreakers
  - Rhage is upset/concerned/angry
