Dear diary,

I started the day off with a really weird dream, all these weird creatures
seemed to be concerned that we "were doing Jet today" and I got wished good
luck, but I woke up and had a new pauldron for my armor so that was cool! I
kinda just shrugged the dream off and went for my morning run. When I finished
and met up with everyone for breakfast, the bartender cleared everyone out of
the dining hall and Feng and Pierre left too, then Rhage made me talk about some
things that had been bothering me, how I was bullied by Ivory while growing up
in the tribe, and how I left my tribe name behind... Rhage and Lucacul reassured
me that everything Ivory said wasn't true, that I'm not a let down, or a
failure, and that I am capable in combat, and while I may be loud it isn't a bad
thing.

After dealing with that, Rhage went to buy a house for Feng, and Kassian had a
date with Pierre! We went shopping and bought a ton of potions! Like, a ton of
them. Hamble's healing is great, and I can manage some too, but we figured it
was better to be safe than sorry, and then headed out towards the Magnus Wilds.

Most of the trip there was pretty easy, nothing really special to mention, but
about three quarters of the way there I had another dream, this time with Ivory
in it, telling me that I'll still never be good enough, never be a hero or a
legend like I'm trying to be. I woke up and found that we were ambushed, but I
couldn't tell by what, if these were a new variety of star children or some
other kind of creature. We fought them off, I had a pretty hard time fighting
though with Ivory's words still ringing in my head, but was able to get the last
hit which felt pretty good.

- I had a weird dream
  - got a cool pauldron though!
- Rhage made Jet talk about Ivory and the bullying he went through
  - Reassured Jet that he wasn't a
    - disappointment
    - failure
    - let down
- Rhage went to buy a house for Feng
- Kassian had a date with Pierre
- Shopping!
  - Lots of potions
- Jet saw Ivory in his dreams
  - ambushed by star children
    - tree ent star children things?
  - 3/4 of the way to the Magnus Wilds
