Dear diary,

Rhath was happy to see we made it back to the camp successfully and we all
noticed that Rhage and Brakka were getting along. It was actually a little
weird, but at least they aren't trying to tear each other apart anymore!
Anyways, Rhage mentioned to Rhath that it might help to be a bit more open with
communication between him and his kids. Then Rhage and Rhath got into a sparring
match, which Rhath ended up winning, and I showed up to see the end of it after
running around the camp with Kassian's friend Rye, they're a little rat that he
pulled out of this little bag.

After the sparring match we all went to sit down around a fire and relaxed for a
bit which is when Solei joined the conversation again and we found that he's
kind of maybe sort of going through puberty? Didn't know that could happen, BUT
because of it he's developed a crush on Rhage, so that's been fun to see. Oh,
and after Solei disappeared Lucacul brought up the fact that the other night I
had a bit of an episode, but I was able to go make some lunch for everyone so we
didn't have to talk about that!

We all rested and then woke up in the evening to go after the away camp to
strike at the Redhawks! Rhage gave us an amazing pep talk before we headed out
and pretty easily made it to their camp. I, umm, may have realized that I'm
really loud. I...I can still hear Ivory's voice calling me a fuck up. I got out
of everyone's way so they could sneak up on the camp, and Rhage noticed
something was wrong, but realized this wasn't the best place or time so said
we'd talk about it when were done here.

Hamble worked his way across the bridge first, and found out that there were
glass traps on the other side to alert the guards, but overall we kicked butt in
the fight, including a guy who seemed to be backed by a god like I am, which
kinda makes for a cooler story! Rhage found a note in one of the tents and
immediately said we had to head back. It sounded urgent, but I'm not sure what's
so important about it, ...or if she forgot about me...

- Made it back to Stonebreaker camp
  - Rhath happy to see mission successful
  - Also Rhage and Brakka not at each other's throats
- Rhage got to talk with Rhath about communicating more
  - Should help Brakka
  - Also learned about Brakka through Feng's mother
    - Rhath accidentally held an initial grudge against Feng for mother's death
      - Hated self for it
  - Rhath and Rhage go to spar
    - Rhath won
    - Rhage did a pretty good job though!
- Kassian and Jet talk about what to do next
  - Jet asks Kassian to teach him about bow work
    - Kassian agrees
  - Kassian pulls out some animals from his bag of tricks
    - Rat (Rye)
    - Owl (Luz)
    - Goat (Geet)
- Solei comes to talk to the group
  - starting to have people emotions
    - has a crush on Rhage
- Rhage learned that Jet may have had a bit of a breakdown the other night
  - Jet ran away to cook lunch for everyone
- Rhage got a greater healing potion from Feng
  - Feng and Rhage got to talk about the possible prosthetic arm from Duran
  - Rhage got to mention starting to make amends with Brakka
- Woke up in the evening to go after the away camp
- Rhage gave everyone a pep talk
- Made it to a bridge and camp of Redhawks
  - Jet had a realization that he's very loud
    - moved away to try and make it easier for others to be quiet
  - Hamble crossed the bridge
    - stepped on glass and alerted the guard
    - Fight went well
      - Lots of awesome hits from everyone
      - Kassian got final hit
- Rhage found captain's journal
  - They got info from Three Fangs members
  - Planning on ambushing Stonebreaker camp during our attack on the camp
  - Stonebreaker camp has smoke coming from it
    - war horn sounded
