Dear diary,

We left Redhawk Island with Feng tagging along back to Duran. Brakka and Rhage
decided to save their fight as the Stonebreakers needed to regroup and gain
their strength back. It was nice to see that Brakka did give Rhage a hug though.

During the ride back to the mainland, we were attacked by this giant sea
creature thing, but it was somehow taken down by this weird entity and Rhage had
a new vest. Everyone else seemed to know about this creature, but I have no clue
what they were talking about. Oh well.

With an easy week of travel, somehow no ambushes or encounters on the road, we
made it back to Duran and turned in the bounty for Esca, 5000 gold! Then Sam
informed us that there was another call-to-arms from the Magnus Brothers
Researchers dealing with the Magnus Wilds searching for heroes, sell swords, and
mercenaries. Hamble said Solei mentioned this might be related to Sol activity,
so we should go and take care of it without letting others get involved. We were
promised 5000 gold each though, so that's a huge thing! Other than that, we
relaxed at the Carnelian for the night. I had a really nice bath, and a nice
restful evening.

- no Rhage v Brakka fight
  - tribe needs time to recover
  - Brakka does hug Rhage though
- Sent off at the beach
- Easy week of travel back to Duran
- Turned in bounty of Redhawk
  - New call-to-arms
  - Magnus Brothers Researchers
    - looking for sell swords/mercenaries/heroes
    - dealing with unseelie magics and the "Magnus wilds"\
    - 5k gold per adventurer
    - Solei said Magnus Wilds has a lot of Sol activity
- Relaxed at the Carnelian for the night
<!--Level Up-->
