As the group waited for Zerrias's drunken stupor to pass, Din headed out into
town to find Embry and bring her back to everyone. He happened to find her just
outside the bakery eating a pie that she had lifted from a passerby after
tripping him, not realizing the bakery was giving them out for free. Din,
interested in the free pie, decided to wait in line and Embry stayed with him
letting them both get a pie before coming back to Spirits on Tap to regroup.
Embry and Din were able to convince Zerrias to come out to the cliffs with
everyone and pick some flowers, and the gang headed out of town.

Not long after they left were they stopped by Vir Tabella with a letter for
Ryllae. Vir also mentioned that Ryllae's rival investigator in Keygarde, Ignis,
also got a similar letter. Ryllae read the letter to the group, a noble in
Keygarde has been without hot water for her baths for weeks and is ready
to pay a good sum of money to find out why and fix it. Ryllae had mentioned the
pay is excellent, but that they have more pressing matters to directly attend
to and that Ignis probably would too, so it should still be available when they
make it back to Keygarde.

As they travelled along the road to the cliffside where they could find the
flowers, Zerrias shared some stories with E.V.E. about the day he met Simon.
During the storytelling, the group noticed a farmer heading to town. After
talking for a bit, Din noticed the farmer had stopped moving with his cart and
alerted the group that there might be trouble. Upon closer inspection, the man
seemed to be unresponsive, and Din ended up punching him to make certain. Right
after he did, he noticed that it seemed like something tried to put a spell on
him, which he noticed to be a carbuncle. The party quickly dispatched it after
Din took a bite to the ankle and split the gold that it had dropped equally
amongst the party after removing the farmer's pouch from the pile.

After killing it, Din took the horn of the carbuncle and skinned it as well,
making sure to use every part of it while Embry watched in horror and asked
how he could do such a thing. The conversation quickly dropped, and the party
once again headed out towards the cliffs with little trouble making it there.
At the cliffs, Embry began immediately looking for some of the Coral Spice
Roses and ran into an Assassin Vine that wrapped up her legs. Everyone was
quick to react and in rushing into the fight, two more vines appeared. Through
the relentless attacks of the party, the three vines were taken care of and
several bushes of roses were spotted. Ryllae and Zerrias headed out towards
the furthest one from the party, and Zerrias ended up causing another vine to
pop up. Ryllae backed up onto a nearby rock for a vantage point where Din
joined him, and E.V.E. rushed up to the vine from the nearby cliff where she
was to help protect Zerrias throughout the fight. With the last vine destroyed,
the group was able to search in peace and found 50 roses between the three
bushes.

After picking the roses, everyone decided it would be a good idea to take a
small break and just enjoy the cliffside and the sound of the ocean below them.
That is, until Din and Embry made a bet about who could get to the bottom the
fastest and jumped off the cliff into the water. Ryllae and Maxam didn't seem
to notice much as they talked amongst themselves about Maxam's past a bit. On
the other side of the cliffs, E.V.E. listened to stories from Zerrias about his
childhood and took the suggestion that she should talk more, rather than just
emoting. Soon after, Zerrias and E.V.E. joined Ryllae and Maxam, and after a
moment of worrying about Din and Embry decided they would be fine and sat down.

After a few moments of quiet, Ryllae broke the silence, asking Zerrias what he
felt the day that he made his deal with the Guardian. The answer was grief,
anger, rage, and betrayal, and while not all of them lined up, Ryllae had a bit
of an idea of what he was feeling that day. Ryllae relayed the information
about his late clan's fate to the three he was sitting with and mentioned that
it was an attack made with the help of Vichor that helped destroy them. He told
Zerrias that he wanted to go after Gemflower, after helping Din in Wildemoor,
so that he could learn more about the substance, to which Zerrias agreed that
Gemflower would slowly be killed, and he could get all the information he wanted
before the job was finished. To lighten their spirits a bit, Ryllae pulled out
one of the bottles of wine he took from Zerrias earlier and split it amongst
the four of them.

Before Din and Embry climbed back up the cliff, the group topside did happen to
see an Oni on the cliff across the gulf fishing up a plesiosaurus, to which
Zerrias mentioned that it was not a common sight in the slightest. Soon after,
Din carried Embry on his back as he climbed up the cliff face and Embry paid up
her fare for the bet, then everyone headed back to The Honeyed Rose in Golmars.
Once there, Zerrias talked with Toril for a moment who had mentioned that maybe
to help him move on from Simon he should try adding something new, like clothes
or jewelry, as he gestured towards his earrings which he was calling The
Blooming Sun. Finally, Din was able to sit down and talk with Lilith, the other
owner of The Honeyed Rose, and after drink and turning in the roses and being
paid for them, was able to go upstairs with Lilith and enjoy the services the
Rose has to offer.
