After Din headed upstairs with Lilith, the rest of the group sat around the bar
for a while and chatted after Zerrias pulled Embry away from another one of her
scamming of patrons. As Zerrias put it, "I like this place, I'd rather we don't
get kicked out". The two of them bought some wine for everyone, Zerrias a
bottle of Ivory Mead and Embry a bottle of the Love Bite, and everyone drank
while bonding a bit.

Zerrias asked Ryllae about his love life, if there was anyone special in the
past, to which Ryllae responded no, that the small town of Ebonwood didn't have
anyone who caught his eye and his time in Keygarde was more preoccupied with
work over anything else. After that, the conversation turned to parents and how
a "normal" familial unit acts, with the unconditional love and support of each
other, to which Zerrias learned that his parents truly were far from the norm
as Ryllae, Maxam, and Embry all echoed each other's sentiments. After a little
more conversation, Embry decided it was once again time to lift some coin from a
couple of pouches and started telling more patrons that she was the slayer of
the carbuncle that harassed Golmars and donations to the cause were much
appreciated. Ryllae asked Dimitri if he could have Svenn get Embry out of the
inn, and Zerrias followed her out to make sure she didn't get arrested in the
city.

As the two of them walked, Zerrias asked her why she kept scamming, as we did
just get paid somewhat well for picking the flowers for Toril. After beating
around the bush for a little bit, Embry broke down and mentioned that she was
afraid of ending up alone and wanted to take care of the party, so they
wouldn't end up leaving her. Embry made Zerrias promise that he wouldn't tell
anyone else, and he not only agreed, but also said he'd help her out in the
city for the next hour. Unfortunately for them, that didn't help at all, as the
crowd was too bummed out that The Steel Show's daily live blacksmithing
demonstration was cancelled at the same time they were trying to get people's
attention.

Maxam, Ryllae, and E.V.E. chatted for a short while and then retried to Spirits
on Tap for the evening. Embry and Zerrias ended up sharing a room there too. In
the morning, the gang got a quick breakfast and left town, heading out to
Wildemoor, and leaving a note for Din saying the left Pegatha so that he could
easily catch up to them. On the road out, they met a woman named Kola who asked
if the party could help her as she just didn't have the resources to take care
of the bundle she was holding. They stopped and talked for a moment, Zerrias
and Embry being the ones to approach, but Embry left saying she couldn't help
as Zerrias took the unknown bundle to inspect it. Upon taking it in his arms,
Kola thanked him for the help and suddenly vanished, leaving Zerrias holding an
egg of unusual size. The party congratulated Zerrias on becoming a father and
told him what a better way to learn about unconditional love than experiencing
it first hand.

The rest of the day's travel was rather uneventful, and camp was made in the
evening where Maxam, Ryllae, and E.V.E. all took turns on watch. Maxam and
E.V.E. in the first shift noticed a scorpion crawling over Ryllae, but E.V.E.
deftly managed to flick it off of him before it could do anything and without
disturbing his meditative state. Ryllae and E.V.E. talked a bit as Ryllae asked
what her favorite part of travelling with the group was: the stories were her
response. Ryllae showed her the sunrise in the morning and E.V.E. glowed in her
RGB colors once again.

The second day of travel was a little more interesting, as at one point Zerrias
could have sworn he smelled eggs cooking, though his was fine, and it happened
to be a farmhouse cooking breakfast near enough to smell. Then, a pair of
women, one elderly, one young, came across the party. Ryllae got out of the cart
to see if they needed help, to which the old woman replied in a panic: "The Sun
Blooms in Golmars, Soon it will eat someone up. The Emerald Orbs are growing,
the metal is crying.". Confused, Ryllae asked for more details, but the younger
of the two shooed everyone off, telling them to not harass the older one.
Everyone agreed that after their business in Wildemoor, and before heading to
Keyguard to help with the noble's water, they should pay Toril another visit
and ask him more about his Blooming Sun earrings.

That night Zerrias, Ryllae, and E.V.E. took watch shifts. Zerrias mostly kept
watch of his egg and talked to E.V.E. about her thoughts on him being a father
of it, plus he talked with Simon as he was able. While Ryllae was up, another
strange woman approached the campsite, asking if either he or E.V.E. would like
to have a good time "no strings attached". After considering it for a few
moments, and a heartfelt "please" from the succubus, Ryllae agreed, to which
she pulled out a chess set and promptly beat Ryllae while E.V.E. watched
delightedly. In the morning, a Zerrias woke up to a chicken on him, which walked
out of his tent before he did. Zerrias quickly checked to see his egg was still
there and mentioned he had the strangest dream of eating some of the best fried
chicken.

On the third day of travel, E.V.E. spotted a trail of copper coins, which she
followed unquestioningly into a cave, where she found a chest leaking some sort
of liquid. Curious, she opened the chest to find a severed human head that
looked at her, screamed, and turned into a cloud of moths that fluttered away.
After taking a few moments to compose themselves, the party ventured onward and
finally made it to Wildemoor.
