Back at Idol Beauty, we find Irena tied to a chair and the group ready to ask
their questions. Zerrias begins by breaking a finger, but refrains from more at
Din's request. Irena had mentioned that there were two thralls in the room,
focusing on Embry and Ryllae, and Din asked what made her think that they were.
Irena mentioned that people like the rest of the group were always oozing some
corruption, honeyed words, but always ended with venom. Ryllae asked what could
be done if he was a thrall, to which Irena gave no answer other than the fact
that it seemed he didn't want to fix himself. Maxam was able to ask about why
she feigned love for years only to end up taking his arm and destroying his
hometown to which Irena replied that Syrens have always been secretive, which
she understood seeing how the Syrens got their powers by stealing it from the
champion of Maré. The group here got into a small discussion around who and
what the champion was, before Din spoke up about how Irena didn't deserve our
hatred, but rather our pity for being so mislead. Embry asks if Irena feels
any sort of remorse for those her group has killed, and is met with defiance
towards the idea. As the group is trying to figure out what to do with her,
Alastor speaks up and mentions that Varis can most likely keep her hidden until
there is a plan on whom to turn her over to.

After interrogating Irena, everyone heads upstairs while Din asks some
questions on his own. When he comes back up, he informs everyone that the group
is called The Ballad of the Champions, and their intent is to take back what
they believe is their birthright, the power of the Champions from before the
uniting of Unteris. He found out that there were seven champions, Syn, Aster,
Faren, Riven, Tricen, Demitree, and Frost, and each held great power in their
respective regions. He told the group that Irena and her group had been looking
specifically for Demitree and that there was a "demon snake" in the Wildemoor
forest that was guarding information about him, but that the Ballad splinter
cell was not able to get any more information at the time.

Once Din has passed on the information, Ryllae asked if he could read some
notes that they had found earlier that were written in an ancient dialect of
Nagan. Din read through the notes with ease, which seemed to be a diary of
sorts, documenting the writer's, Ophiuchus's, life. As Din read, he came to the
realization that he was the author of these notes, and that "The Guardian" as
the princess Arvita referred to him, was actually Din himself. Zerrias asked if
this guardian was the same as the one he had made a pact with to gain his
powers to avenge his fallen lover, which Din answered he might be, but is not
fully certain. Din also revealed that there were celestials on his own list
that he wanted revenge on, for forcing him to hurt his princess, to which most
of the group agreed to help with. There was an argument between Din and Zerrias
about Zerrias planning to try and get out of his deal with The Guardian as soon
as his lover was avenged, but Din ensured him that that would not be possible
and Zerrias, eventually, begrudgingly agreed.

Next, the group heads over to All That Glitters to inform Jet that Irena has
been neutralized, and we need the letter delivered to Zyphie, so we can set up
an ambush. Jet mentions that he has a meeting point set up to be a cave, not too
far from Golmars. Din also asked what kind of equipment Jet could provide, and
the party eventually landed on buying a mechanical pegasus and naming it Peggi.
As anxious as Zerrias is to head on out to the cave, Din shares some info with
Ryllae about the Amanodel clan, such as their symbol being a Luna Gladiolus,
and that they were created by Demitree and Arvita, so any information found
about Demitree may be helpful to him as well as Din. Embry also revealed that
she lost her friend and mentor to sickness around the forest, possibly related
to the demon snake the Ballad of the Champions had been dealing with.

To Zerrias's delight, the group finally made a move to the cave to set up an
ambush for Zyphie, though he was rather short with everyone and ready to just
be done with it. Embry eventually asked him if he was the same man that Simon
fell in love with, which led to very high tensions as Zerrias finally said he
isn't mad with any of the party, he just wants this business taken care of as
soon as possible.

When Zyhpie arrived that evening, she appeared to have come alone, and was
rather upset that she was talking with Din rather than Jet. Din revealed to her
that her fiancé, Erevan Gemflower, was another member of the Ballad of the
Champions, though it's unclear if Zyphie really believed or cared about this.
He then had E.V.E. bring Zerrias, who was loosely tied up, out to Zyphie under
the guise of being a bounty hunter. Zyphie then unveiled the entourage she had
brought, and a fight broke out in the cave. Din, Zerrias, and E.V.E. all quickly
wailed on her, ignoring the small fry as Din shouted warnings for them to leave
and Zyphie pulled away from combat to blow on a brass horn, summoning more
fighters to her side. As Ryllae fired arrows into the crowd he was able to
detect some of Zyphie's thoughts, all being of fear, of her parents, of
Zerrias's form of dread, of her life about to be ended, and just as she was
knocked out she had a final thought of not hating Zerrias, just being afraid
of their parents. Din was able to pick her up and the group ran from the
summoned fighters, stealing the boat that Zyphie had arrived on and tying her
to the mast of the ship as they sailed away.
