After the slave wranglers were taken care of, Zerrias felt the need to tell Kai
the truth about who he is. Expecting her to bite his head off, Zerrias was
shocked to find out that she already knew, and that she had already come to the
conclusion that he was unlike his parents, that while he had the smell of an
Orchid about him, something about it was different, it wasn't "as sour" as she
had put it. The two of them shared some tea, and Kai informed Zerrias of what
the Orchids were doing on the island she and the kids had escaped from; digging
up a temple, most likely to a devil of the Nine Hells. Zerrias and Kai also
caught Ryllae trying to listen in on the conversation from outside the tent. As
Zerrias told Ryllae to go away, Kai was surprised to see that that was the
worst of the repercussions and that no further action was taken.

When the morning came, everyone realized the stakes of finding the orb of the
champion of snow and ice. Snow blanketed the ground, a rarity for anywhere
South of the Silvitaris River, and the air was bitterly cold with sharp wind.
Everyone got the fire going as quickly as possible to huddle around it for
some quick warmth, draping the kids in whatever blankets they had around, and
Azreal and Licianna ended up having a rough nights sleep due to the cold. As
soon as they felt they'd warmed up enough, everyone piled onto the cart as
possible and they headed towards Keygarde, noticing it getting colder as they
traveled.

At the bridge over the Silvitaris, Ryllae tried to melt some of the ice, but
found that it was re-freezing too fast so they'd have to slowly walk the horses
across. As a group effort, the horses and cart made it across safely, but while
crossing the bridge Kai spotted a figure walking along the frozen river away
from the bridge. Curious as to who it was and what they were doing, Ryllae
almost sent an arrow to land near them to get their attention, but was talked
out of it as Zerrias realized the figure was about half a mile away, well out of
the range Ryllae could yell or shoot. As he was explaining himself to Zerrias
and Licianna, who heavily urged him to stop what he was doing, Licianna said she
would carry Ryllae back to the cart if she had to. Maybe unconsciously, or
maybe thinking he was going to call her bluff, Ryllae dared her to do it, and
before there was enough time to gauge the entire situation, Zerrias swept at
Ryllae's legs, causing him to jump and Licianna took the moment to catch him,
and follow through on her threat.

The rest of the day's travel is slow and arduous, but uneventful as everyone
does there best to survive the cold. Zerrias suggested that people buddy up
as they sleep to make sure that there is warmth shared throughout the night.
Ryllae and Maxam take the first watch together and have a bear happen upon the
camp, which Ryllae unsuccessfully tried to lure away by tossing some of his
rations at it, though it may have been more successful if he could have
actually thrown them further than five feet. Maxam, picking up on the idea
Ryllae had, used some magic to give a stone a nice scent and tossed it away.
The bear's attention had been peaked and it wandered off following its nose.

Maxam swapped out with Zerrias for the next part of the watch, and after
Ryllae started the watch by calling Zerrias an asshole, they laughed and talked
for a great deal of the time. Zerrias, once again, apologized for events that
had happened a few weeks back, and mentioned that if were to have had a brother
he would have hoped he'd be like Ryllae. Zerrias also gave full descriptions of
his parents to Ryllae, which was something he'd kept to himself for the most
part until now. The conversation was so engaging that Ryllae didn't see what
ended up taking a few coins from his pack as well, but he knew that he was
missing a few and couldn't track whatever took them in the storm of the snow.

Ryllae woke Azreal for the last watch, and during the time, a gust of wind came
through and snuffed out the fire completely. Zerrias tried to re-light it, but
the effects of the storm had already made the wood too wet, meaning Zerrias and
Azreal had to go find some new firewood. As they were searching, Azreal tripped
over something, the body of a child. They had white skin, pure white hair, blue
eyes, and a diamond shaped necklace with a crack on it around their neck.
Zerrias recognized the child as Noah, the champion of snow, and tried to talk
with him, bringing up that he's a friend of Ophiucus's; at the mention of the
name though, Noah freaked out and blasted Azreal and Zerrias back with a burst
of ice and snow before heading off into the storm even further, not able to be
tracked.

In the morning, Maxam revealed he had had a dream about a voice saying it felt
lost and hurt, unsure of what's happening. Lewy also mentioned having a dream
with another voice saying it was near a large body of water, trying to make it
feel more like home. The group could only assume this was the voice of Noah,
reaching out to anyone who could hear him, and Ryllae figured this body of
water was most likely Lifewell Loch, just South of Keygarde. To make sure the
kids stayed as safe as possible, the party decided to first get the kids to
Keygarde, where Ryllae offered to put them up in The Wood's Eye as shelter for
a bit while they dealt with the orb. Once they're situated, and have some
money to take care of themselves, it would be off to Lifewell Loch to take care
of the orb.
