In the morning, Zerrias wakes up and debates how to wake Maxam while standing
over him. Fortunately for Zerrias, there's no need to figure out how, Maxam
wakes up and stares back at Zerrias in the dim lighting. They then move over to
Ryllae and Embry's room, where Maxam encourages Zerrias to try to wake Embry
without inadvertently giving her a nightmare. Ryllae sets down his Elvish
language book and watches the events unfold. To Ryllae's surprise, Zerrias is
able to wake her up no problem, and everyone heads down to the lobby to meet Din
and have some breakfast.

At breakfast, Zerrias asks Din what he was up to all night, to which everyone
learned that he was working on learning some rituals and current day magics.
Din even had some runic circles that he was looking at, to which Zerrias pulled
out some of the vichor notes that the party had picked up from Adalaine in
Keygarde. As Din studied the circle, he noticed it wasn't a summoning circle,
but more like a seal or a lock, and noticed a couple of letters written in
celestial in the center, which seem to be the name "Arvita" with all the letters
over-lapping. After finding this out, Ryllae and Zerrias handed over the rest of
the vichor notes they had found.

After everyone ate, they headed to Toni's to learn more about the snake in the
forest. Turns out, it seems to be unusually large, boney with patches of skin,
and it has a sickly green glow to it. Din and Ryllae both nodded in agreement
that it was vichor corrupted. Toni mentioned that it also seems to be protecting
a woman in the forest with long white hair, dark skin, and sad eyes. Toni also
was able to mention that there's a sickly green glow near the back of the forest
near a cave system that the snake seems to be near often. The last information
the gang got from Toni before heading to Ambrose's hut was that the egg Zerrias
had received was bonded to him, and that her Kengai came from a similar egg from
the same person. She promised to watch after the egg and that it couldn't hatch
without him near, so it would be safe while the forest was explored.

Din called for Peggi and read on the way out to the hut, and the trip was rather
quick. Once there, Embry made Zerrias promise that he wouldn't be the one
digging up Ambrose as she went inside to make some tea with Zerrias. Din walked
inside as well and snooped through Ambrose's belongings, eventually finding a
journal that had pressed flowers and a couple of drawings of flowers that looked
more ancient, with some notes on Demitree as well. Meanwhile, Ryllae was
encouraging Maxam, after he had hit his face on the shovel initially and handed
it off. Maxam, on the other hand, made quick work of digging up the grave and
Din joined back up to retrieve the body.

The three of them took Ambrose's corpse to the workshop attached to the house,
and after stripping the body, Din noticed a dark spot around the stomach and
some unusual veins. Din changed his weapon into a scalpel and broke the skin
from the throat down to the stomach. A vile stench filled the air, causing a
violent reaction from both Ryllae and Maxam while Din opened the stomach up.
Inside, he found what they had all feared, some vichor crystal shards and a
sludge like mixture. Zerrias joined them just before the stomach was opened up,
smelled the foul air that was released, and went back to join Embry after using
his gem to listen in on what was going on. Ryllae and Maxam held their stomachs
a bit better this time and were able to carry on hypotheses with Din, to which
they eventually concluded that Ambrose had most likely been drinking something
contaminated with vichor for a long time. It was then that Ryllae quickly left
the workshop, yelling for Embry and Zerrias to not drink the tea she had just
made. When asked, Embry confirmed that they usually got their water from the
lake to the North, where it now seemed that the sad lady and demon snake
resided. Embry mentioned that it was fed from an underground source, which they
all agreed was probably the cave nearby.

Din mentioned the safest thing we could do for the ecosystem and for Ambrose's
sake would be to burn the body. Upset, but understanding, Embry begrudgingly
agreed to it.
