After speaking with Varis, the group sans Din made their way over to Idol
Beauty to speak with Alastor. Ryllae showed the three rings to show him they
meant no harm, and Alastor was able to tell the group more about their targets,
Irena and Ace. Irena was known to Alastor as the leader of a group whose goal
was to "clean" Unteris of "filthy" races. Maxam also had knowledge of Irena,
a lover from the past who cost him his arm. Ace was known to be the bodyguard
to Irena and essentially the second in command of the group. Alastor also
mentioned that a regular of his shop stopped showing up, and he revealed that
he is a reborn, hence the violence of the group towards him.

After the information had been shared, Alastor offered to let the party stay at
the shop until they were ready to make their move on the warehouse. During the
downtime, Ryllae headed to the UMA division in search of Sariel Xiloscient
hoping to find more information on the Amanodel clan. He was granted an
audience with her and found out that in the year 1340, 29 years ago, the elf
clan was attached by a hostile force that could control beasts that had an
eerie green glow. Sariel revealed that she is also of the Amanodel clan,
one of the few survivors of the attack, and gave Ryllae the name of his
parents, and the name they had picked out for him, along with a wooden pin with
the symbol of the Amanodel clan on it. After all this, Ryllae thanked Sariel
for her time and made his way back to Idol Beauty.

Zerrias went to fetch Din from Ambrosia, and on the way back Din stopped by The
Honeyed Rose. Zerrias was rather flustered at the events, revealing to Din that
he is both married and gay, while Din shrugged at the mention and perused the
"menu", preparing for a way to relax after the evening.

Once everyone was regrouped at Idol Beauty, a plan was made to go to the
warehouse and take out the underlings while keeping Irena alive for questioning
later. Din provided the ability to do recon via his snake, Orchid, and was able
to pinpoint the location of Irena, in the smaller building in the back of the
area. During recon, the group also found out that Din can speak and read Nagan,
and mentioned they had some notes they wanted him to read later.

Once it was obvious that Irena was aware of Orchid's presence, the fight was
on. The group scaled the wall to the housing district and made their way
directly to the small building in the back, where Din released a cloud of thick
black fog, impairing sight in the room. Zerrias charged in through a window and
went into his form of dread, while E.V.E. and Embry broke through another
window. In fear of seeing the form of dread, one of the underlings in the room
ran for the door, triggering a glyph of warding and electrocuting half the
party and most of the underlings in the room. Ryllae was able to fire an arrow
into the fog cloud and hit Irena, before charging in himself, and Embry
summoned a healing spirit before taking on the form of a wolf. The close
quarters battle was intense, leading to Din being knocked down for a moment by
Ace just before Zerrias knocked Ace out, though Din was able to regain
consciousness quickly thanks to Embry's healing spirit. Once Ace was down,
E.V.E. turned her attention towards Irena and slammed her hammer into Irena's
gut, knocking the wind out of her, and taking her out of the fight.

With Irena unconscious, it was now a race against the underlings swarming the
building. Maxam tried to shove one of the grunts down the stairs, but was
unsuccessful. Zerrias, however, was able to drag both Ryllae and Maxam in from
the doorway, and Ryllae promptly shut the door and shoved his rapier through
the handles to barricade it for an escape. E.V.E. grabbed Irena and Din carried
Ace out the windows and up and over the wall. On the way up, Zerrias slit
Ace's throat to ensure he would cause no problems. After the successful fight,
the party was able to make it back to Idol Beauty, where Alastor provided them
shelter and a space to interrogate Irena.

Going through their stuff, Ace had a note on him about wanting to kill Alastor
and already having disposed of the regular. Irena, on the other hand, had a
necklace with the Syren deity Abiansea on it and a note describing how she
tricked Maxam into giving up details about his hometown and its location. Upon
learning all of this, Zerrias almost killed her on the spot and was only
stopped when Embry got in his way. Irena was tied up and set in a chair for
interrogation, a long night was ahead of her.
