Arrived at shadewick festival and begin casing the stalls for betting opportunities and potential marks. Tried placing bets at goblin wrestling but no one was interested, so I tried it instead and got whooped. Went to another stall and caught a faerie dragon for the game, winning a magic face paint pallet. Attended a pudding eating contest where I saw some townsfolk, and a red tiefling participating. \**A skinny little pale boy won the contest?*\* Ate some free samples. \**Of course I did. They're **free**, im always hungry!*\* At day’s end, I persuaded a **very happy** man to lend me a couple of silver coins in exchange for a “hangover cure”. Dissatisfied with my day’s haul, I return to the inn and go to sleep. \**At least I have enough money for food.*\*

Had painful nightmares. I Woke up in the dark with my chest hurting pretty bad. Someone was yelling but I wasn’t paying attention because.. red tiefling from the contest was trying to touch my boob? I slapped his hand! Pain subsiding, I lit a small flame in my palm \~*Ecno Ossai*\~ and saw… skinny little pale boy? He said his name was Ryllae from a detective agency. \**He might be after me.*\* He was pointing his bow at me and Zerrias as he introduced himself. To ease the tension, I lowered my spear and I told them my name was emmy. \**Shit, that’s too close to embry… say emma next time, maybe they wont notice.*\* Ryllae relaxed.

We each noticed a crystal embedded in our skin in different places. We were all in a similar situation.

We looked around the room to see where we were. *Not a clue.* I quickly said goodbye and headed for the only path out of the room I could see. The boys called after me to stay together but I told them if that’s what they want they were welcome to follow me. \**I've got more important things to do than be here.*\* As I rounded the first corner I heard something rumbling in the dark. I stopped and threw my light ahead to reveal massive, corrupted glowing…\**dogs?*\*

\**No thanks!*\* I immediately ducked back behind the corner and began creeping back to the first room to find another exit, when I heard a growl and a scream of pain. \**Fuck.*\* I turned around to see one of the dogs had Ryllae on the ground, leg bloodied.\* *-deep sigh- I have to help.*\* I ran to ryllae as one of the dogs rounded the corner and I managed to glance a finger on him *\~Solemar Morior\~* healing him as I passed by. He said something to me, but I didn’t register it as I kept running. Suddenly there was searing pain in my shoulder and I was knocked to the ground. As my vision blurred, I thought I saw a darkness envelop Zerrias as his maniacal laughter faded away. \**Fuck*\*

  _**-    Nothing    -**_

Woke up again, it was not as dark this time. \**What happened?*\* No one knew exactly. Nor were they sure why the dogs were gone, and we were alive. Ryllae seemed very skeptical of Zerrias’ answers. \**At least hes not looking into me.*\* I agreed to stay with them until were out of the situation and followed behind Ryllae. I talked to him about why he was at Shadewick, while Zerrias wandered around the room. We were both invited from places around the continent. \**That’s strange.*\* Zerrias was talking to himself. \**That’s strange.*\* For good measure, I checked if Ryllae was on an investigation currently, but he didn’t seem to be. \**Whew! Maybe he’s okay to trust.*\* 

Zerrias found a key that opened a door leading downstairs. Tentatively, I followed. We entered a massive chamber with ornate machinery and many large statues. The boys wanted to activate the statues \**Why in the fuck would you do that! We almost died just now!*\* Despite not knowing what would happen. I backed far away as Zerrias let loose a barrage of magic blasts. Sparks flew as the machines whirred to life, producing smaller \**massive*\* metal statue from the central one. I readied my spear as the thing made noises at the two boys staying dangerously close to it. \**what IS that?*\*

From a distance, my head dizzy, I yelled out to address the thing, asking what it is. \**it is eve? What is an eve?*\* The boys try to tell me something but I cant hear well from this far. I tentatively approach, spear still at the ready. The thing is now speaking common. It cannot remember anything. \**great, its useless*\*


