We start our journey at the place any good adventure starts: a harvest festival in a small town! The town of Shadewick, of the Vistem region, is hosting a festival that Ryllae, Embry, and Zerrias attended after receiving an invitation. The three enjoyed some festivities including ring toss, guess the number of feathers, catch the dragon by the tail, goblin wrestling, a poetry contest, and a pumpkin pudding eating contest. After enjoying the festivities, they enjoyed some complimentary fruit pies and retired to the inn for the evening; their sleep, however, was not kind, wracked with nightmares and terrors, causing indescribable pain and sweating throughout the night.

When they awoke, the three of them found themselves in a dark room with each other. Ryllae pulled his bow on the two strangers, demanding to know who they were, as Zerrias checked up on the halfling doubled over in pain. Names were exchanged and it was discovered that they all had a small dark sickly green gem embedded into their skin, all in different locations. Seeing as they were all in the same predicament, the three agreed to travel through the unknown location together, and it wasn't but around two corners that they met their first challenge.

Three dogs, that appeared green in color and possibly rabid, snarled and attacked the party. Noticing her chance while the others were distracted, Embry snuck around the corner in an attempt to flee the fight, until she hears Ryllae yell out in pain after being bit. Zerrias transformed his body into a dreadful, maniacally laughing shadow and Ryllae kept firing arrows after receiving some healing from Embry. Valiant as they fought, Embry and Ryllae ended up falling unconscious during the fight, and Zerrias scared off two of the three dogs, allowing him to get there other two to safety and allowing them to recover.

Once back up, the party explored the room that housed the dogs and Zerrias found a key and door that led to a cellar that had some sort of machinery in it. After inspection, Ryllae and Zerrias noticed the machine could be powered up, and Zerrias did so with a couple of Eldritch Blasts to the surrounding crystals. A light show ensued and out stepped a warforged by the name of E.V.E. After some communication problems, E.V.E was able to understand the common dialect. The party grew to four as it was noticed that E.V.E's eyes looked very similar to the green gems as well, though their fighting skills might need some work. They left the cellar together back the way they came, hoping to find an exit.
