After leaving Ambrose's cabin, the party continued North to the cave that had
been mentioned. On the way, Din spotted a couple of iridescent birds, and not
trusting the forest, aimed his weapon for them. Embry stepped up before anything
could happen though and communed with the birds using her druidic powers, and
found out that the birds were sent by Aodhan, the Goddess of Fey Beasts, to
watch over the party and to present the group with a Vitoak root that had some
berries on it. Din took the root with the berries and spaced out for a moment,
then took the berries and tucked them into his scarf, handing the root back to
whoever wanted it.

After traveling a little further, the thick trees opened up into a clearing with
a pond in the center, and a rather sad looking woman sitting on a rock near the
water. The party let Din approach alone, not wanting to spook the woman, and he
started conversing with her in ancient Nagan, a language unknown to the rest of
the group. As the woman became more and more distraught, the group readied their
weapons as a giant skeletal snake rushed for Din, but rather than going directly
into a fight, it stopped and conversed with Din in that same tongue. As the
conversation happened, the woman vanished and wooded humanoids infected with
vichor came from the woods and attacked.

Din quickly hopped onto Peggy and told everyone to run as soon as they could and
to leave the snake alone, that he was a friend. He then took off with Peggy
heading towards the cave to the North. Maxam and E.V.E. were able to get past
these blights without too much issue, but Ryllae, Embry, and Zerrias wound up
needing to fight their way through a couple of them to make it away. During the
fight, Zerrias summoned his form of dread, though it took on a bit of an unusual
look, more snake like than his usual smoke form. As he bellowed out towards the
creatures, they seemed to shrink back and slink into the woods again, and
the giant snake backed down as well.

Further ahead, E.V.E. started glowing multiple colors, settling on a purple,
and speaking more words than she had said before, telling Maxam it wasn't time
to worry they had to get moving, all in a southern accent! Maxam was taken aback
for a moment before moving forward again, especially after hearing Embry headed
their way. So the group made their way to the cavern, ready to get to the bottom
of things going on in the forest.