As the gang strolled into town, they noticed that Embry was no longer in their
company, but Zerrias had remembered her mentioning that she wanted to go to the
woods for a bit of a spiritual retreat before they all headed towards the Demon
Snake they'd heard so much about. After talking in the entrance for a few
minutes, they decided that finding an inn to rest at after the weird journey
would be the best course of action, and they made their way to the center of
town to ask for directions. The first person they noticed had set up a little
shop in the middle of town, "Trinkets Under the Sea", which sold an assortment
of jewelry and fashion pieces. After speaking with the owner, they found that
just behind them was the Monet's Worth Inn, though Zerrias did take some time
to buy a bracelet which he gave to E.V.E.

As they were finishing up their business, Din rode down from the sky on Peggi's
back, and congratulated Zerrias on getting pregnant, as the first thing he
noticed was the egg. After a bit of an awkward conversation, and Din being
disgusted by mammalian practices, Ryllae heard a woman calling out for someone
and went to go check it out. An herbalist by the name of Toni Rosewater was
calling out for her little familiar by the name of "Kengai". Ryllae questioned
her to get more information and said that they'd go look for the little tree
for her, to which Toni was overjoyed and promised to share knowledge around
what potions she can make. 

Before heading to the woods, where Kengai would most likely be found, everyone
but Din stopped at Half a Dozen Bakery to pick up a couple of sweets and a
Little Volcano for Kengai as a way to help coerce him to come back. They picked
up a few other treats and then headed to the Forget Your Troubles Tavern, where
Din eventually joined back up with them. Ryllae, Maxam, and Din all had a drink
or two of the local special while Zerrias found a few other bounties to take
from the bounty board and E.V.E. watched.

With jobs in place, and a familiar to find, the gang headed off into the forest
to search for the old mill that was haunted, according to one of the bounties.
When they got closer to it, there was a murder of crows already around that
watched Din just a little too closely for his liking. He took his shadow spear
and hurled it at one of the crows. Aghast, the rest of the group asked if he had
a problem with birds or something before noticing that they were not normal
crows, but ones that had been affected by vichor and transformed into monstrous
creatures. Everyone then took quickly to battle positions and took on the six
crows, the zombie that showed up during the fight, and an elk that had been
tempered by vichor as well. In the middle of the fight, E.V.E. ended up taking
on a form very similar to Zyphie's vichor infested armor. Zerrias didn't notice
until the birds had all been taken care of, and after the last enemy was dropped
he made his way to E.V.E. to question her. Ryllae tried to step into the path
and talk him down, but was unsuccessful in slowing Zerrias down; Din, however,
took his shadowed maul and slammed it against Zerrias's side, sending him flying
back a couple of feet and forcing him to lose consciousness. 

Din brought Zerrias back up and let him go talk to E.V.E., but made sure he was
aware that it wasn't Zyphie before letting him go. After that, Din went inside
the mill to look around and see if he could find what caused the animals to be
afflicted. While that happened, Maxam and Ryllae heard the rustling of some
branches and leaves and found a small tree familiar, just as they came into the
forest to look for. Unfortunately for the two of them, they couldn't quite
understand him, but Maxam gave him the Little Volcano that was purchased earlier
and Kengai seemed to agree to come with them. He pointed at the grinder portion
of the mill a little frantically, so Maxam and Ryllae went to go check it out.
As they got to the door, Kengai refused to go inside, and waited out front by
some bushes. Once inside, Ryllae noticed some small tracks that led up to the
second floor and followed them, with Maxam close behind. Once on the second
floor they noticed some bunnies, infested with vichor as well. Ryllae told Maxam
to go get help from the rest of the party as he handled the four that were
there. After Maxam ran out, Ryllae got the shot off to kill one, and then five
more bunnies appeared while Maxam was gone.  
