Embry sets up fake potions shop by sunrise, trying to entice unwitting Starwood tavern customers. The party wakes up and investigates my stall before I can even get one customer. Zerrias drinks one of the sleepy time potions. I ask for 2 cp and warn him he might get sleepy. He asks Ryllae to slap him if he gets sleepy and I mention I'll give the money back just to see that… it happens. Maxam messes with 4 of my potions and makes them look shiny / enchanted then gives them back. Seeing as im not likely to get any customers with all this attention, I pack up shop so we can head out. 

We head to the general store to get a cart to Keygarde. As Zerrias speaks to the clerk, I walk in faking a limp to garner sympathy to get a discount. It works great. For 20 gp we rent a cart / donkeys and head out. On the way, in order to garner trust, I confess I held onto the experiment notes we found regarding me, and I confess my true name. no one else has any secrets. Ryllae grew up in ebonwood, has been in Keygarde a year. Parents died recently. Zerrias doesn't share any of his past. As we approach Keygarde, I also let on that I might not be super well liked by the guards. I use my magic disguise kit. 

We arrive in Keygarde, finding out Ryllae and I are the only two that have been here before, Ryllae gives a tour. As we walk, I try to pickpocket unsuccessfully. We realize Z and E are no longer with us once the tour is over. I go up on the roof of the woods eye to see if I can spot their cloaks among the crowds. They are a ways away heading north but seem fine. I tell the team as much. Then deciding, they're good, I head to the front of the tavern to sell off the rest of my non magical bogus potions from earlier. I sell one to the owner of the last drop as payment to leave. Then i move to another area but I see guards being alerted to my being there. I run back to the woods eye. Jokes about no tax payments. Jokes about nomadic lifestyle with Ryllae, then they head off to library to meet with Ryllae's friend to research the underbelly of Keygarde, trying to find info about the crystals.

We don’t find Ryllae's friend but we find a Naga named Pense who helps us parse through the notes we found and translates a page for us. One of the pages is ancient Nagan. We asked if there was an underground Keygarde and pense said there have been weird reports about the waterways at night. I show more notes and ask if there's anything else he can tell us.

He says there is no shadewick festival, we show our invitations and the magic alarms go off. Pense lets us know there's weird divination magic on the invitations, I burn mine and Maxam's. Ryllae doesn’t want to burn his yet. We head back to the woods eye deciding to find Zerrias and E.V.E before we head down to the waterways. While we wait for them to return, we decide to go to the tavern for a drink but find Zerrias and E.V.E returning looking angry and hurt.

We get some info out of E.V.E about where they were, and then go up to try to pacify Zerrias. He is on a rampage, I try to climb up him to pour my last bogus sleepy tea into his mouth but he slams me to the ground roughly. I manage to get through to him before he hurts me by healing him. He lets me go and apologizes. He tearfully agrees to tell us more about what he was doing while he was gone. We agree to do it at the bar over a drink so we head to the last drop.

Once there, Ryllae orders tons of food, trying to pay for it all but Embry gives him what she believes to be her share of the bill. She orders an extra bottle of flame cherry and pours a shot for everyone, cheersing to new friends. She had to physically make Zerrias take the shot.
