We greet our party of misfits with Embry making potions of dubious effects in the early morning to sell to unsuspecting tavern goers. She eventually makes a sales to none other than the party's very own Zerrias, who ended up drinking a concoction of sleepy-time herbs and Ryllae promises to slap him if he seems to get sleepy. Upon hearing this, Embry mentions she'd give Zerrias his money back if this were to happen, Zerrias looks at Ryllae and says "Do it" and Ryllae obliges happily. Maxam takes a couple of the potions, gives them a slight enchantment to look more magical and returns them promptly to Embry in hopes to help the selling process later.

After the early morning antics, Embry, Ryllae, and Zerrias head to the general shop to rent a donkey and cart, at a discount after Embry's marvelous performance, even with Ryllae almost blowing their cover. Ryllae sent off a letter to his friend Quilgon on Keygarde and the group makes their way to the capitol soon after. 

Along the ride, Embry opens up that the name she's been using "Emma" is not actually her real name and that she was just covering her bases. She comes forth that she's really Embry. She and Ryllae talk about their pasts, that they're both from Viridiem, and Zerrias keeps his history to himself. Upon entering the city, Ryllae offers to give everyone a tour, seeing as it is his current city of residence, and somewhere during the tour Zerrias and E.V.E. slip off in search of a target important to Zerrias, though unbeknownst to the read of the party.

At the Tree of Knowledge Library, Embry, Maxam, and Ryllae talk with Pense, the Master of the Library after learning that Quilgon was not in, but the letter was received. Pense told Ryllae, after looking at the notes, that his heritage is that of the Amonadel clan, an ancient nomadic moon elf clan from Viridiem. He also was ale to translate one of the pages and told the group of the myth of Vitarta, as it was referenced in the research notes they had obtained. The last thing he was able to confirm is that some of the other notes they had were written in an ancient Nagan language, and that he was not able to translate them, but someone from the Nagan homeland might be able to. Before they left, Pense did ask to see the invitations and confirmed that they had been enchanted, upon which discovery Embry and Maxam promptly burned theirs while Ryllae wanted to wait to show Zerrias just in case.

Meanwhile, Zerrias and E.V.E. were tracking one Lady Adalaine, whom Zerrias spied and followed into a waterway, but lost sight of her there. In the waterway, the two were met with a rather great deal of trouble by in inhabitants, but managed to make it back to The Wood's Eye before passing out. E.V.E. wuold not speak about the events and Zerrias went upstairs to Ryllae's room and tore the place apart in anger and frustration. 

After calming down, the group went out to The Last Drop to share information and drink their worries away.
