Once Zerrias, Embry, and Ryllae caught up to Maxam and E.V.E., E.V.E. told
everyone present that her name was Lucy, and that her friends called her
"Lucky". She did not have any recollection of whom E.V.E. was in the first
place, throwing the party for a bit of a loop. After re-introductions, the
group caught up with Din, who was waiting at the entrance of the cave. Lucy,
who had been friendly with the party so far, walked up to Din, after Zerrias
introduced him, and uppercut hit in the jaw. Din recoiled, backed up, and
questioned if Lucy had a grudge or something, to which Lucy replied that she
was only repaying him for what he had done to Zerrias. Din, upset by the
exchange, headed into the cave without waiting for anyone else.

Ryllae headed after Din into the cave, and the rest of the party soon followed.
Din applied some healing magic to Ryllae, bringing him back to top shape to
explore the caverns, and made a clear point to ask everyone to not use Vitoak
roots for healing, but to ask him for help instead. Everyone headed deeper into
the cave, and Ryllae asked Din if he should watch the rear, to which Din replied
that he would take care of it.

Deeper in the cavern, some vichor infested bats descended on the party after
some exploration. After taking out a bat or two, Embry asked where Din was, and
no one answered as their focus was on the bats. After snapping his bowstring in
the most recent fight, Ryllae resorted to using his rapier, which worked for a
moment, until it didn't, and he mentioned that he missed his bow. As if on cue,
Din appeared at the entrance of the room and tossed his shadow bow to Ryllae
before backing up, keeping an eye on the previous room. 

Once the bats were dealt with, Zerrias confronted Din, asking him where he was
in the fight, and why he wasn't up in the fray with everyone else. Din replied
that he was doing what he said he would: cover the rear. He also mentioned that
he was close enough to hear the party, pointing to his bow with Ryllae as
evidence. 