Avast ye mateys! Setting sail from the cave with Zyphie tied to the mast, the
group makes their way down the channel in the direction of Golmars, but being
sure to stay out of sight. Zerrias asked everyone to inform him if Zyphie
stirred from her position and went into the captain's quarters to grieve alone.

Not much happened until he came back out and sat in front of Zyphie. She roused
from her unconscious state and cried to Zerrias, blaming him for all the
hardships she had to endure because of his "weirdness". During the exposition
the ring around her left ring finger started glowing as her veins turned green,
and her battle armor grew in shape transforming what used to be a regular-sized
girl into a large monstrosity with a thirst for bloodlust. Unable to get much
of a rest between the capture and now, the party trudged through the fight,
using whatever resources they had at their disposal. 

During the battle, Zerrias barked for everyone to keep Zyphie alive, so he could
talk to her one last time. Din and Ryllae discussed putting her out of her
misery directly, but did not end up getting the chance to, as Maxam got took
the final shot to break the armor and bring her to her knees. Zerrias launched
himself forward and caught her mid-fall, sobbing into her and clutching her
tightly, proclaiming he never hated her, and he was sorry for everything that
had happened. 

As the mast of the ship kept burning from the battle, the party was forced to
flee to the water for the last stretch to land as E.V.E and Zerrias shared a
boat with the body of Zyphie while the rest of the party swam and used buoys to
keep themselves afloat. Once on land, Zerrias once again broke into a sob,
grieving the loss of his sister. As Ryllae tried to tell him they needed to go
and that they knew who their next target should be, her fianc√©, Zerrias
launched a barrage of insults at Ryllae. In anger, Ryllae yelled back about his
newly learned past and being the last of his clan. After Ryllae finished, Din
chided both of them and said to stop being such children, there was work to be
done.

Once he calmed everyone down, Din mentioned to Ryllae that to pay it forward to
Arvita for saving him, he should pay it forward and help Din get revenge on the
celestials that ended up hurting him and in turn, Arvita. He then turned to
Maxam and asked for his help, hoping Maxam was out for more than just revenge
against Irena and the Ballad of the Champions, to which Maxam agreed as well.
He called to Zerrias, reconfirming that he knew what must be done. Zerrias was
quiet, but didn't put up a fight like he had before. And lastly, Din looked at
E.V.E and mentioned that he didn't know why she put up with us, but was hopeful
she'd stick around.
