On the way back to Wildemoor, Lucy was able to give the party the slip for the
time being. They decided, after a brief search, that if she wanted to join back
up with them, that she would be able to find them when she was ready. The first
thing Zerrias did when he arrived was head to Rosewater's Apothecary, where he
retrieved his egg from Kengai. The once green egg with gold glittering lines was
now red with black vein-like streaks around it, and as Zerrias held it to his
ear, he could hear it chanting.

With his egg safely in his sling, Zerrias left the apothecary leaving Ryllae and
Maxam still inside with Kengai. They noticed Toni wasn't around and Maxam handed
Kengai one of the treats he still had, which led Kengai to look rather
downtrodden. After some pantomiming and a game of charades, with some
frustration as well, Ryllae and Maxam determined that something was going on at
the bakery, and they figured they should check it out before leaving back to
Golmars.

Embry started saying goodbye to her friends and saw Ryllae, Maxam, and Zerrias
head towards the center of town, found out they were headed to Half a Dozen, and
joined up with them. Once at the bakery, the group learned that he Zhell family
were afflicted with some kind of sickness, and Din and Embry went in to find
Toni helping ease the sickness and decided to help out as well. Din learned that
the Zhell family had been drinking from water procured from the lake North of
Ambrose's cabin, and thus had been ingesting some Vichor. He noticed the two
boys were in the best condition, and used the rest of his power to heal Felix.
After some investigation of everyone's condition, he came to the conclusion that
so long as they stopped drinking that water specifically, they'd all be okay by
the morning. Din and Embry promised Toni they'd help make some anti-toxin over
the course of the night to help take care of others after they left town. Toni
did mention that Avelina Monet seemed to in pretty rough condition as well, and
as the day was starting to draw to an end, it would be a good idea to get to the
inn to rest for the night.

Din joined Maxam, Ryllae, and Zerrias at the inn and found Ms. Monet rather
easily, and was about to offer some anti-toxin before they all noticed that her
arms were covered in dry scale-like patches, and she looked exhausted. As it
seemed the vichor infection had run its course, she seemed to no longer be sick,
just exhausted and with patchy skin, which Din regretfully mentioned he could
not heal. Over the course of the evening, Zerrias talked with Ophiucus and
learned why he chose Zerrias to grant him some of his power, along with who Din
was before Ophiucus brought him back to life. Ophiucus pointed out the
similarities between his self and Zerrias, wanting to use power to extract
revenge on those who threatened their love. Through the course of the
conversation, Ophiucus mentioned that the more Zerrias takes care of the names
on his prosthetic arm, the more power he will be granted as Ophiucus's strength
returns. Zerrias did ask about why Zyphie had to die once he realized she wasn't
who he thought she was, and Ophiucus explained that once the chain was created,
they could only be broken, not removed, so there was no saving her from that
point on.

During the rest of the night, Ryllae kept up on his Elvish language studies and
Din taught Embry how to ritualistically cast purify food and water, and taught
her about healing others. In the morning, though, Zerrias's egg shook and
started to crack. In a bit of a state of panic, Zerrias rushed to Maxam's room
at the inn and the two of them witnessed the egg hatching into a red and black
cerberus puppy the Zerrias named Orpheus, with a snake tail that he named
Eurydice. Overcome with Joy, Zerrias broke into a few tears, and then the party
went to pick up Din and Embry after their night with Toni. Embry was smitten
with Orpheus, and Din allowed Orchid to play with Eurydice while they finished
breakfast with the Zhell family.

The trip to Golmars was uneventful, and everyone was able to work on some
personal tasks as time was passed with travel. Zerrias revealed to Din what he
had learned from Ophiucus, to which Din retorted that he already knew, and
playfully mentioned that he wanted more power from Ophiucus to which Zerrias's
form of dread half activated and a shadow snake came from his shoulder, stuck
its tongue out at Din and disappeared, after which Din felt a small course of
power.

Once in Golmars, the group headed immediately to the Honeyed Rose, but Zerrias
mentioned that it looked like The Steel Show was still closed, causing Ryllae's
investigative tendencies to go ask what was going on. Ryllae hopped off the
cart, promising to meet up with them at the Honeyed Rose later, and made his way
to the smith. Once there, he noticed that the forge was cold and knocked on the
door to the shop, where he was greeted by Kro. Ryllae and Kro conversed, and
Ryllae learned that the Steel Show usually gets its metal from Monstera, and
that if Ryllae was to go investigate he should look into Luna Vein specifically.
Kro mentioned that Luna Vein is the producer of Lunasteel, which has properties
that inhibits shape-shifters. It seemed that the mines were overrun by vines.
After the exchange, Kro mentioned Ryllae to head to the Sassy Stitch to have his
bow reworked, and then bid him a good day.

Back at the Honeyed Rose, Zerrias and Din quickly pulled Toril aside to talk to
him about the fated prophecy of the Sun Swallowing someone up. Din mentioned it
was from the earrings, to which Toril surprisingly understood quite well. Din
warned him that if he kept the earrings on, then Aster, the champion from the
past, would live once again, and Toril would no longer be who he is. Toril
revealed that he had suspected as much from dreams that he had recently had, and
agreed that it would probably be for the better. Toril then turned to Zerrias
and suggested they enjoy the night together, as he remembered that Zerrias did
mention it at one point. Zerrias paused greatly, and looked down at his ring
before nodding and going with Toril to a private room.
