We pick back up with our haphazard group at the Wood's Eye where Ryllae and Zerrias were cleaning up, Maxam was tinkering with a shield, E.V.E was reading some case files and Embry was recovering from the night of drinking. As the cleaning finished up, Zerrias consulted with each member of the group, confirming everyone was ready to enter the waterways and track his mark.

Without much hesitation, the group entered and started making their way down the tunnel. Ryllae mentioned that this waterway led out of the city to the farms, which caused Zerrias some anxiety, and Embry mentioned that perhaps a secret passage was used as E.V.E and Zerrias didn't see Adalaine last time they entered. The halfling was correct, as she was the one to spot the hidden doorway, though the victory in finding it was not able to be cherished as the party was attacked by a group of corrupted eels.

Ryllae initially focused his energy on opening the door, using his investigation background to pick the lock, while the rest of the party took on the eels. Zerrias barked out commands to get the door open while E.V.E eviscerated one of the eels and Embry attacked in the form of a wolf. Once Ryllae mentioned the door was unlocked Zerrias managed to force it open and gestured to Ryllae saying "After you my darling". The party dispatched the rest of the eels and Zerrias headed into the next hallway with the group trailing behind.

In the next hallway, Embry and E.V.E found a room at the end of the hall that seemed to have gems similar to the ones embedded in them, but didn't have a chance to investigate further as Zerrias found and opened another doorway, and entered the room, feeling he was on the trail of his target. Maxam and Zerrias found a chest with a few gems, a couple of phials of sickly green liquid, and a note mentioning the potency of the liquid being greater than that of the gems. There was also a mention on the note of being able to use this o gain more power. Zerrias let Maxam hold onto the contents and moved to the door where Ryllae and Embry were waiting.

With a bit of heaving, and the help of E.V.E, the door opened to a small room with a pool of green liquid and a woman. Without warning, or hesitation, Zerrias charged and let off an Eldritch blast, decimating the woman's leg, launching into an interrogation of why and how she could betray her own son and son-in-law. Adalaine gave a simple response, power. She released a lever dropping some crates into the pool of liquid and two large corrupted dogs, much more vicious looking than the party had seen before, emerged from the pool.

While the rest of the party dealt with the newly arrived threat, Zerrias, while in his dread form with smoke rolling off of him, took his time and pleasure in stomping in Adalaine's face, leaving the body a bloody pulp before joining in the fight. Maxam was downed by one of the dogs, but Embry pulled him out of harms way and Ryllae administered a potion before any permanent damage could set it. Once the dogs were dealt with Zerrias went back to Adalaine's body and threw it against the wall, giving it one more Eldritch blast before the form wore off, smiling about what he had accomplished even with the form gone.

As the group uneasily left the room Embry went to the ashes to say a prayer for the deceased and Ryllae chastised Zerrias for killing Adalaine without getting any information about the gems. They all went to go examine the room that Embry and E.V.E found and inspected the gems along with back wall, looking like a mine of some sort. Embry wrestled one of the gems loose and then went to inspect the large root in the room, first cutting off a section of it, and then licking it. After which, she felt rejuvenated like she hadn't been in a fight, or sickened by the brutality she had just witnessed, and urged the rest of the group to try doing the same. Ryllae, hesitant, touched the root and fell silent, while Maxam licked the root, and had his strength restored as well.

After attempting to get his attention for a few moments Zerrias snapped Ryllae out of the spaced state and offered drinks for the party, cheerful as ever. Ryllae was caught up muttering to himself, but obliged to stay with the group while he tried figured out their next move. E.V.E had handed Ryllae a note about Vitarta being the "Twisted Princess", written in blood from her eyes, which Ryllae also was trying to make sense of. Topside, Ryllae made note that the island of the Vitoak, was indeed still above Keygarde, and the party entered The Last Drop for drinks and dinner once again.

Sidie mentioned to Zerrias, who payed with bloody money, that they do indeed have baths. At the reminder he was still covered in blood he quickly cast prestidigitation to clean himself, setting off the magic sensor again. Cassius suggested next time to just take them up on the offer for the bath, and Zerrias agreed to do so now. 
