As everyone arrived back in Golmars, they split up to conquer their specific
tasks. Din took Licianna back to the Honeyed Rose for a night of studying and
resting after recovering her from the painting, Zerrias headed off to Orchid
Manor with Aster, and Maxam and Ryllae headed to Ambrosia to meet with the
Syrens they met outside the cave to the South. Zerrias and Aster were able to
easily make it into the manor, but Zerrias's thirst for revenge was left
unquenched as his parents had not been there for a few months. With Aster's help
he was able to find clues to their whereabouts on an island where they wanted to
"return to their roots", which is probably just as cult-y as it sounds. Zerrias
decided to rob the place while they were gone and Aster agreed to take whatever
valuables they could, though left Zyphie's room alone as Zerrias seemed to be a
bit nostalgic in there. As Zerrias looked around, he found a lockbox under a
loose floorboard near the bed, which he figured he would have Ryllae open later
to find out what was inside.

As Ryllae and Maxam headed to Ambrosia, Ryllae stopped by Itty Bitty Bay to pick
up a couple of fish sandwiches for their meeting, as he learned it was almost
always better to meet over food rather than just passing information with those
that could be considered strangers. As he was picking up the plesiosaurus
specials, Ryllae got the strangest sensation that he was being watched, and as
he turned around to scan his surroundings, a young man fell down almost in front
of him. When Ryllae checked on the stranger, he asked for food, and Ryllae
bought one more sandwich for him, to which the stranger gladly ate it and
thanked Ryllae profusely, saying how he was now indebted to him. Maxam and
Ryllae agreed to let the man tag along, and they all introduced themselves,
learning his name was Azreal.

As they walked to Ambrosia, Azreal revealed that he had walked to Golmars from
Monstera, though he couldn't seem to remember why. Once at Ambrosia, Ryllae used
the power from his gem to get a feeling if Azreal meant any ill will to them,
and his thoughts were mostly on the sandwich he had just devoured. Discovering
this, Ryllae asked Maxam to see if the Syrens would mind Azreal joining in on
the conversation, to which they agreed and the small group made their way to the
basement. The Syrens introduced themselves as Corsea and Ulakai, and they
mentioned they had already relocated Irena. Not bothering to ask what all had
been done to her. As Ulakai happily ate his sandwich, Corsea explained the
situation with the River's Tear. It is unknown who took it or why, but they did
urge that it was important for it to be found again. Corsea also mentioned that
Princess Nerissa left Koraqua from the West in search of the tear, and said if
the group happens to see her to try and help, as she probably would not be able
to hold her own in the world. The River's Tear, as Corsea described, is a decent
sized teardrop shaped gem that sits on a pearl necklace, not so large to cause
any strain on the wearer, but large enough to be noticed.

After the meeting with the Syrens, Azreal, Maxam, and Ryllae met up with Zerrias
outside The Honeyed Rose, and they all went inside to get rooms and meet back up
with Din and Licianna. Before heading inside, as Azreal was being introduced to
Zerrias, Azreal mentioned that he was sent to Golmars by his mother to help take
care of the crazy going on in the world. As they made it inside, Zerrias asked
Dimitri if Din had a room upstairs, and the group bought the two nice rooms for
the night to give Azreal a chance to bathe after his trip.

Once upstairs, Azreal was introduced to Din and Licianna, who were welcoming of
the newcomer. Azreal told everyone that he was a follower of the God of Death,
as was his mother, and then casually mentioned that his dad is Mors. A little
stunned that he is the offspring of the God of Death, the group took a moment to
digest the information, and Din asked if Azreal had an issue with any of the
names on his list, to which Azreal responded that his dad thought they were all
deadbeats, so he'd have no issue. While in the room, Zerrias asked Ryllae to
open the lockbox, which gave Ryllae no issues and Zerrias was able to rifle
through the contents and ended up pulling out a special locket. As soon as it
left the lockbox, Maxam lost control of his legs as they were replaced by his
tail. Surprised and concerned, Zerrias shoved the locket into his pocket, and
Maxam's legs came back just as quickly. After asking Maxam to sit down, so he
didn't fall again, Zerrias pulled the locket back out and Azreal and Licianna
recognized the material as Luna Steel, a special metal created by Syn to help
protect the people of Monstera from monsters with shape-shifting capabilities.

Before turning in for the night, Din mentioned he wanted to sell some stuff in
Golmars before heading off to Keygarde, and then the party separated for the
night. In their respective rooms, Din and Licianna talked about how the gods
should stop interfering with the affairs of man, and how Din was excited for the
divine intervention to come. Zerrias talked with Maxam a bit about his newfound
faith in Abiansea, and how Din has disdain for the gods, but Zerrias believed
that not all of them were bad. Ryllae talked with Azreal a bit about his
upbringing and was able to learn more about Syn, specifically the gift of the
God of Beasts and the True Moon.

In the morning, everyone met downstairs for breakfast, which Din graciously
offered to pay for, excited to eat something, and even saying that it all
smelled great. Ryllae asked him since when he ate, but Din just retorted that
while he doesn't have to eat or smell, doesn't mean that he can't. Everyone ate
their breakfast, and Din said that he could worry about selling the gems in
Keygarde, agreeing that they should get on the road and head off as soon as
possible. Once breakfast was paid for, everyone headed to the stables to
retrieve their horse and cart, along with Peggi, and headed off!
