The group started their travels to Keygarde as early as they could, after
Zerrias let Ophiucus get out the crying he needed, and Ryllae gave him a bowl
of food in the cart. He ate it rather quickly, but noticed it didn't seem to
satisfy the way that food used to. Ryllae also noticed that Zerrias could open
his mouth just a little wider than he used to be able to, and Zerrias revealed
that Ophiucus granted him some new changes as his power keeps growing. The rest
of the trip to Keygarde went rather quickly, after Zerrias seemed to talk to
the empty space next to him, where he was seeing Simon sitting.

When the group arrived at the city, Ryllae took them immediately to The Wood's
Eye as a way to get out of the cold and show the kids the detective's work
place. After settling in for a moment though, the kids declared they were
hungry and Ryllae showed the way to The Last Drop. While they headed off for
food, Zerrias took Orpheus to go sell some of his, shall we say, earnings, from
the Orchid Estate in Golmars. As they approached The Last Drop, Ryllae told the
kids about the rumor that Cassius, the owner himself, was a vampire, but that
they should have nothing to worry about as he's almost never there during the
day; as fate would have it though, there he was sitting in a booth, right next
to the only available table that was large enough for everyone to sit at.
Sidie, remembering the last time Ryllae visited, told him to be on his best
behavior and to make sure he doesn't cause any trouble this time, to which
Ryllae quickly agreed and hurried everyone to the booth.

What the kids saw brought to the table was nothing short of a feast, several
orders of lamb, chicken, bread, and skewers of meat, along with hot tea for
everyone. As the kids enjoyed their food, Cassius took a particular interest in
the table and Sidie informed everyone that rooms were already taken care of for
them, as The Wood's Eye was a single bedroom abode and that Cassius had already
arranged for the kids to stay free of charge. As everyone ate, Zerrias and
Orpheus arrived, with his coin purse feeling significantly heavier, and he
ordered some food for Orpheus as well.

After everyone had had their fill of food, Ryllae took Kai, Lewy, Zero, and
Maxam to the Temple of Viridi to see what could be done about healing the pain
in Lewy's arm, but unfortunately, the healing they could provide wouldn't able
to reverse the damage that had been done. Valarie, one of the temple's priests,
was able to provide Ryllae a balm to help ease and fade the scars of the kids,
as she saw just how banged up Zero and Kai seemed to be. Next, Ryllae lead
everyone to U.M.A. where they were told to talk to Gadget, a tinkerer on the
second floor. Upon walking in and finding Gadget, he quickly asked for a
volunteer, to which Ryllae obliged, and ended up acquiring a tattoo of magical
scribing! Once the tattoo was given, Gadget listened to the request for helping
Lewy, and agreed, preparing to find a way to make the process as least painful
as possible. As it turns out, the Orchids really were twisted people,
inflicting such a pain on an elf, meaning Gadget had to work around the
impossibility of putting Lewy to sleep, and instead whipped up an anesthetic to
help numb the pain during the operation. Ryllae took Zero out of the room,
while Maxam and Kai stayed to provide support, either in the operation, or just
keeping Lewy feeling all right, with everything going on. Once the operation
was finished, Gadget said it would take about a week to finish the prosthetic,
but Lewy mentioned that everything already felt so much better and that he
couldn't wait to see what Gadget was able to come up with.

Back at the Inn, Zerrias was trying to be a wingman for Licianna, helping her
hit on Sidie in what ways he could, even going on to say how he's noticed that
she seems to be a bit low on hope and that he's there for her and wants her to
be able to find happiness. Then, Zerrias decided that a nap was in order for
him, and Licianna noticed that Riku was a bit tired herself. Licianna was able
to get Riku up to the bed and leave the room before Zerrias was able to get to
his. Very calmly, she told him to put Orpheus down, and then punched him square
in the nose. With a hushed, angry voice she chastised him that she had no
reason for hope, that she was displaced in time, and that creating idle
connections to people would mean absolutely nothing in the end, because they
would end up just disappearing when she figured out how to get back to her
time. Even after the punch and her words, Zerrias told Licianna that he's still
gonna hold onto hope for her and the he believes she still deserves happiness,
whether she was in the right time or not. With the altercation passed, the two
of them went on to get a nap.

After their dealings with U.M.A., they headed back to The Last Drop to
rendezvous with those they left back there, and on the way back Ryllae ran into
Quilgon in the streets. After a brief chat, Ryllae was able to get two books
from him, _The Feud Between Luck and Love_, and _The Champion of Fire_. He
figured that any information he could get on the champions would be good to
have going forward, and then informed Quilgon that they'd be heading by later
after a few more errands were taken care of with a request to helping the kids
learn to read.

When they entered the inn again, Sidie informed the group that Zerrias and
Licianna were already upstairs in a few of the rooms and handed over the rest
of the keys. As they went up, Maxam took Zero and Lewy to a room to let them
get some rest of sorts, and Kai went to her own as well. As Ryllae walked the
halls, he heard Zerrias scream in his room and hurried to see what was going
on; after rousing him from his nap, Zerrias quickly pulled a shadowy knife and
put it against Ryllae's throat, then pulled himself back quickly, breathing
shakily and tears flowing as he relived the terrors from his wedding day and
the abuse he was dealt while growing up. After getting him some flamecherry,
Ryllae and Zerrias took some shots and talked about what had happened, what
Zerrias saw, and how he can try to ground himself next time that something
similar happens. Ryllae re-assured Zerrias that the progress he's making is
indeed good, and that eventually he'll get back to a state of normality. Kai
joined in on the conversation as well, gifting a necklace that helped ground
her in tough time with the Orchids, and backed up Ryllae's claim that Zerrias
is a good person who's just going through a tough time, even mentioning that if
his friends thought he was a burden, they wouldn't be traveling with him. As
the conversation wound to a bit of a close, the rest of the party joined in
Zerrias's room, and hugs were given as necessary, before the kids asked about
going back out to go clothes shopping as Ryllae had promised.
