After reaching Golmars the gang took a week to get accustomed to the
workings of the city, make a little side coin, and work on some personal
skills. The week came and went, and then it was time to start putting what they
had learned into action. Zerrias, Maxam, and Ryllae would go to All That
Glitters to confront the alchemist, Jet Heartstone, about what he was working
on for Miss Orchid. While this was going on, Din, Embry, and E.V.E. were going
to search for an ambush location to tell Miss Orchid to meet them at once the
group could rate her attention.

Zerrias, fearing being spotted by his family, used a disguise spell as they
went to All That Glitters and the three of them demanded entry to the shop
under the guise of being on Miss Orchid's orders. Jet, frustrated with the
situation, let them in and showed them what he had been working on, a
construct to be the ultimate guard for Miss Orchid. Jet also let it slip that
Zyphie was to be wed, causing Zerrias to break character and leading to Jet
figuring out that the group is not who they say they are.

Ryllae stepped up with some quick speaking about getting rid of Zyphie and that
using the Orchid name was the only way they'd be let into the shop, but they
are by no means friends of that family. Jet listened and deactivated the
constructs that he pointed at the inquisitive group a few moments ago, and said
he'd be willing to send a letter to Zyphie about a meeting point if the party
was first willing to help out a friend of his. He gave them three rings as a
token of his word, but informed them to not put them on under any circumstances
without saying why, and told the party to talk to Varis for more information.

Meanwhile, Embry, Din, and E.V.E. were out exploring some cliffs looking for
an ambush point. Embry spoke with a couple of birds, and for the information
she was given, Din offered the bird a loaf of bread. They found out that there
was a cliffside cave nearby and that across the river there was rumored to be
some pirate treasure. Satisfied with their search, they start to turn back to
town. Din asks E.V.E. what she thinks of the plan and is responded with her
usual silence, to which Din says she needs to start to think for herself,
strangely causing E.V.E. to emit a blue hue instead of her usual orange. Din
also ends up triggering a memory of his own and takes some time to regain his
composure, during which Embry checks up on him and notices he feels cold to the
touch and doesn't seem to have a pulse. After a few moments, Din is back
upright, and they are all back off to town.

Once returned, the two groups meet back up and discuss what they've found so
far and what is left to do to get Zyphie to show up at the cave that was found.
Din mentions that the group should make sure to be stalked up on healing
supplies, to which Embry mentioned we are covered and finally showed a piece of
the Vitoak root. When he touched it, it seemed Din went into some memory state,
and he ended up mentioning he'd rather not use her blessing. When pressed about
who "she" was by Ryllae, Din wasn't aware of who he was referring to, and
Zerrias mentioned he didn't hear anything like that. Rather than pushing deeper
Ryllae decided it wasn't the time or place and took the rings from Maxam to go
to Ambrosia with Din, Embry, and Zerrias.

Once inside, Varis welcomed everyone warmly and especially welcomed back Embry
as she had spent part of her week working with him. Ryllae mentioned their
reason for presence and showed the rings, to which Varis very quickly jumped in
eagerness for his friend to be helped. Varis went on to describe that his and
Jet's friend, Alastor, had been attacked in the docks by a couple of humans,
Ace and Irena. Varis also mentioned how he was a master with poisons and made
sure that one of Alastor's assailants, Peter, would not be bothering him any
longer. At the talk of poisons, Embry became rather uncomfortable, while Din
became all the more interested. Ryllae sold the poison given to him by Pense in
hopes that it would help create a stronger toxin for the fight in the evening.
Din decided to stay behind with Varis and learn more about poisons, while the
rest of the group would go talk with Alastor and find out whatever other
information they could for the evening, along with bringing peace of mind to
Alastor.
