When we find our adventurers again they're enjoying some time in the city and preparing for an adventurous night of meeting with those that Adalaine was trying to extort information from, the librarians at The Tree of Knowledge. Before that though, Emrby made her way to The Twisted Leaf for some herbalist supplies, Maxam found himself in Nerves of Steel to use the forge and A Cut Above the Rest helping around the shop to make a bit of money, Zerrias was found at the library picking up a book on how to make friends, Ryllae was looking for information on Arvita, Vitarta, the Amonodel clan, and the Elvish language, and E.V.E. was staring at the old photo found in the cellar where she was awakened. The group reconvened and waited until  a little before 3 A.M. when Embry and Zerrias headed out to their respective locations. 

Embry was able to follow Pense for a little while before he gave her the slip outside the city. Zerrias, disguised as lady Adalaine never saw anyone at the meetup point, but he did find a chest with an "A" carved into it. As careful as he was opening it he was still assulted by poisoned blow darts, which he was fortunately able to shake off. There was a note in the chest as well, threatening Adalaine if she harassed the library any longer, written in an emerald green colored ink. 

Embry and Zerrias went back to The Wood's Eye and forwarded the news onto the group, relieving Ryllae that his friends at the library were not involved in the slightest, though all slightly discouraged that they did not get any more information from the night. In the morning, Ryllae grabbed a bottle of Chimera's Blood Mead for Pense, and when everyone was up and ready they headed over to the library to make amends. Ryllae took lead, going into Pense's office alone and presented their apologies, letting the master librarian know why they did it and some of the findings that had been found the day before, then gathering everyone in the room. Pense was understanding and gave whatever information he could around some of the legends and reasons that he was being sought after by Adalaine's group. 

The party learned that Naga's have a strong connection back to the Vitoak, and that the green gems and liquid they've encountared is called Vichor. The roots that Embry had noticed in the mine beneath the city were indeed part of the Vitoak, giving pause to the idea that the old bedtime story of the seven nations could be true.  

During the time with Pense, Zerrias began producing some of his black smoke again and excused himself quickly from the building. The conversation wrapped up quickly from there and the party was able to get Zerrias out of the city before any magical alarms were set off. Out of the city, he made mentions of a woman with green hair, the Vitoak, and a snake like mouth splitting open, but only was able to piece parts of it together. Emrby took a moment to focus and was able to determine that Zerrias agreed to a magical contract with some sort of patron, who jealously guards the contract. The patron provides Zerrias with power, and Zerrias kills who the patron asks them to.  

After taking a moment to digest the information, Emrby also mentioned that there may be a Naga living deep in one of the forests in Viridiem, at the mention of which Zerrias suggests they could stop by Golmars as well to take care of some business he has there. Ryllae requested that he have the time to bring the evidence to Lieutenant Nighthawk and gain official support for an investigation, and let the rest of the party get ready with whatever prep work they needed to do. Embry gathered travel and  camping supplies with E.V.E. and Maxam and Zerrias went to Nerves of Steel to sell some of Zerrias's old weaponry. 

Meanwhile with Lt. Nighthawk, Pense had already been talking and bringing up the idea of what had been happening within the city when Ryllae arrived. Ryllae provided the note to Adalaine's captain, which Lt. Nighthawk transcribed and havded the transcription back. She said that she couldn't give permission for investigation rights outside of the city, but did provide Ryllae with five city badges that would allow them to access more restricted areas without risk of being in trouble for being there. 

Back at The Wood's Eye, Ryllae distributed the badges and made plans to go to the Keygarde UMA division with Maxam and Embry while Zerrias took a nap to get ready for the journey ahead. 
