We come back upon the party in the middle of a fight against none other than
some rabid, vichor infested bunnies. Fortunately, the eight remaining are no
match for the group once everyone, except for Din, makes their way to the second
floor where the fighting was happening. Zerrias ended up calling upon a shadowy
form of himself, who happened to get along with Din rather well. Embry showed up
in the middle of the fight as well, and helped finish off the abominations of
nature. During the regrouping, Ryllae felt the need for a break from shadow
Zerrias and Din, so he went to go check out the farmhouse that Din had already
explored, finding nothing new of interest as the party followed him in, though
the smell of the month old dead body was something to behold. Din showed the
notes he had obtained from the chest in the room, and Zerrias noticed the symbol
on them matched that of the symbol on the experimentation notes they had first
found in the dungeon in the Starwood.

With Kengai safe, the party went back to Wildemoor to return him and split off
to divide and conquer; E.V.E., Maxam, and Ryllae returned Kengai to Toni, Din
and Shadow Zerrias went to find someone to sell the rights to the year's worth
of milling to, and Embry went to go check up on the town and find information
about the old owners of the mill, friends of hers from when she lived here.
Toni was relieved to see Kengai returned safely, and rewarded the party with
some notes on potion making. Din and Zerrias talked to a couple of folks around
the town to see who would be willing to pay the most for the rights to the free
milling, knowing that Blue at the tavern had already offered 90 gold. They were
able to talk with a couple that, after some private discussion, agreed upon 96
gold, and said the only other person in town who might be interested would be
Old Man Tama, but in the end, that lead led to nowhere leaving them as the
highest bidder. When Embry heard what she thought they were doing, she scolded
them for scamming the people of her hometown, to which Zerrias responded with
calling her out as a hypocrite, as she had no problem doing it in his hometown.
Din went to collect the reward from Siankiir who paid him 100 gold, 60 for the
job and 40 out of kindness for keeping the reward local, though he may have
misunderstood what Din's intentions were, along with the signed paper with the
rights. Din promptly headed next door, while Zerrias picked up Embry to make
sure she wouldn't cause a scene, and Din sold the rights for the 96 gold they
had agreed upon. 

The party split the payment as 20 gold for everyone except Embry, as Din felt
she didn't help with the job enough to warrant pay, and then split the 96 gold
between himself and Zerrias, as a job well done of making extra. Din then
turned to Maxam and asked him how much a notebook of syren drawings would be
worth to him, and sold it to Maxam for 5 gold. As luck would have it, the
notebook contained drawings of Ribbae, Mother Ocean, and a man with the River's
Tear. 

After talking and splitting the gold, the group headed to the tavern for dinner,
a long day of monster fighting always gets them hungry. Once everyone ordered
food, and Embry ordered drinks for everyone inside the tavern, they made a game
plan for after the meal. Through talking with Blue, Din learned that there was
another adventurer who had tried to clear out the mill within the last few
weeks, but was unsuccessful, and was most likely the zombie they fought earlier
that day. Din and Ryllae would like to head back to the mill to examine the
body, and find out if the vichor turned her before or after her demise. After
that, coming back to an inn for sleep would be beneficial for the party to rest,
and then talk to Toni in the morning about the demon snake everyone keeps
talking about, before finally heading into the woods, to Ambrose's old place to
investigate for signs of vichor corruption, and possibly exhume his body, if
Embry is okay with that, and then going to find the snake.
