After having a discussion about how to be more effective as a group, Zerrias and
Din came up with a marching order that put everyone's strengths to use. Zerrias
and Ryllae would be second to back, ailed by Lucy, so they could fire from afar,
or stop anyone from coming up behind them for a pincer maneuver. Din would take
point, followed by Maxam and Embry, who would provide support and cover as
necessary. The group agreed to trying to take a bit more of a cautious approach,
rather than everyone charging into the same room at once, that way they could be
aware of any threats that may be lurking ahead. Din may have also just wanted to
keep Lucy away from him after the recent events.

While discussing the marching order, Ryllae revealed that his bow string had
snapped, and while it was repairable it wasn't something to take care of in the
middle of the caves, so Din let Ryllae use his shadow bow for the time being.
The party ventured forward and found that the first floor of the cavern was
cleared out after taking out the bats earlier. They then found a hole that led
to a deeper level and methodically checked all the cavernous rooms, finding
that they, too, were empty. Then Din took a leap down another hole, splashing
into some water below. As it turned out, there were even more bats and a large
fight broke out.

Everyone played to the strengths that they had, either providing covering fire,
protection, healing magic or items, or just putting the hurt on the bats, and
the fight went rather smoothly all things considered. While trying to protect
her friends, Embry did manage to turn herself into a cow, and Din ended up
recalling his shadow weapon to strike the large vichor crystal in the middle
of the cave lake, unfortunately, to no avail.

As things started to settle back down, Zerrias and Din both went quiet and had
a bit of a glazed overlook, the rest of the party, concerned, waited before
doing anything else. As fate would have it, the skeleton under the lake was that
of Zilisk, an old friend from Ophiucus's time. He was able to recall the details
of what happened to Arvita, Ophiucus, and the rest of the nagas that lived on
the Vitoak, and what the Devas had done to manipulate them, revealing that after
Ophiucus's exile Arvita went into a rage vowing to destroy what the Devas were
meant to protect. Out of concern, and fear, the Devas attempted to lock up
Ophiucus and Arvita in Carcer, and to an extent, did succeed. 

Zilisk went on to explain that the sad woman the group was investigating in the
woods was a part of Arvita, her saddened soul who wanted nothing more than to
see her dear guardian again, but could not believe it if she did, for fear of it
being another trick of the Devas'. Zilisk mentioned that he felt at ease and
that his soul could rest, now that this information had passed and the threat to
the cave he was in was dealt with. When Din and Zerrias came back to, they
recounted the details to the party in little detail, and everyone quickly made a
plan of action to follow up on.

First, they would head back to Golmars, to check up on Toril, as it seemed he
is falling victim to a prophecy of fate, "the sun swallowing someone up", to
which Zerrias was frantic and Din was not concerned about, seeing as they would
lose and gain their friend respectively. After checking up on Toril, Zerrias
figured it would be as good a time as any to kill his parents, then with the
Orchid's out of the way, they could head up to Monstera to take care of
Gemflower, and learn about this metal that supposedly could destroy Vichor. On
the way, if it wouldn't take too much time, Ryllae suggested stopping in
Keygarde to help Lady Durprois with her freezing bathwater issue, to help pay
for supplies on the journey.

Once out of the cave, Embry suggested that checking up on his egg might put him
in a better mood, after learning that Toril might end up disappearing due to the
prophecy. Zerrias took out the leaf that Kengai left him, and it ended up
crumpling immediately and burning in his hand. With a horror stricken face,
Zerrias just about broke down, as Embry and Din were holding back laughter of a
prank they had been sitting on for a day or so. Zerrias had a bit of a
heart-to-heart with both Embry and Din about how devastating that was to him,
and separately tried to make a plan with each of them to get the other back.
