Okay, so Jaques/Jaqlynn's story: Jaques started off as a changling bard, and entertainer as a part of a group called "The Hundreds of Eleven". The group consisted of eleven changlings led by Eleven. They would perform in the city of Roseport at the Chormatic Silk every other night while the Rivernotes, a family of water genasi and tieflings. The Hundreds of Eleven had such a name for their act where they would change form so quickly as members would run on and off stage that it would seem there are a hudnred performers when it's just the eleven changelings there. Jaques was sent to Unteris Magiks Academy (UMA) to learn more about incorporating magic into performances, and studied under the House of Expressions with a focus specifically around illusion type magic to aid in the wonder of the Hundreds' performances.

During his time at UMA, Jaques met most of the members of his current adventuring party, after fighting some sentient Bell Peppers (he wrote a song about this one), finding the nest of a black dragon (I should note dragons are not inherently evil in this homebrew world), and tracking down a druid girl raised from the dead by an evil god. During the encoutner with the raised druid, Jaques and his party were rescued by an ex-teacher of UMA who took them to a festival in the city of Roseport, the Autumn Harvest festival.

The harvest festival was a two day event, and during the first day he and the party enjoyed the festivities, bet on some fighting matches (and maybe helped rig a few of them), and also chased down a sabeteur of a potion seller's potions during the festival. One the way back to the main grounds the party passed by the Chromatic Silk under a city guard investigation. The party was allowed in because Jaques was a known member, but inside he found the place torn apart, ransacked, and no one to be found. There was a symbol found that led them to the investigation of a cult based on just their symbol.

That night in the local tavern, Jaques prayed to his god, Xipht, God of the Changelings, for power to save his family, power to protect them and a way to fight. He fell asleep pleading and begging for help. In his dreams, The Lady of the Sword came to him, asked if he was serious about wanting power, and made a deal with Jaques to trade out the knowledge he had acquired (his bardic knowledge) for the power to protect. The next morning he awoke in the bed with a new sword in hand, a green glow to it and a black hilt, and no longer could use any of his bard magic or spells. He had literally become a hexblade warlock overnight. 

With his friends, Jaques leaves UMA to head for the Avanix Records to search for information on the Cult of Maldea and what they intend to do. Jaques reveals to the party his new sword which he had kept secret until after they left and the party was overall cool with his choice for revenge/salvation of his troupe and that he could no longer perform bardic magics. Once at the records, the party searched for relevant information, one memeber looked for some information on the Royal Elementals to help him find his father, Jaques found some info about the cult, and one of their party members decided to stay in the library though he was begged not to. Outside of the records the party ran into Nix, a white dragon and the mother of two other their former class mates from Uma. Nix gave Jaques the information that the cult was called "The Eyes of Maldea" and that Maldea is the eil twin of Xipht, who had a hatred for Changelings and wanted to be released from their prison.

Jaques and his frineds went to the nearest town the next morning and met a monk who would accompany them on their journey in place of the friend they left behind. He guided them to Aderberg, a city in the mountains on the East side of Unteris. There, Jaques ran into more trouble around the cult, as the party learned of a rare metal called Lunasteel that had the ability to render a Changelings shapeshifting ability null and void. The metal was usually used by lycans and shifters who were averse to their nature to keep them from changing form, but the cult found a way to use it as a weapon to find Changelings as a sacrifice for their god. This was the first time Jaques had ever encountered anything like this, and being stripped of his shapeshifting powers, even momentarily, made him feel incredibly vulnerable and afraid. The rest of the party noticied this and one member, Old Spice, vowed to make sure to find a way to keep him from feeling that way again. The queen of Aderberg, Queen Lucia, held a fighting tournament every year that was going on when the party showed up. They took part in the event, and Old Spice and Father Grea made it towards the end of the tournament, with Father Grea ending up fighting against Queen Lucia herself. After she won, Queen Lucia invited the party to feast and stay in the castle for the night after a hard fought match. The next morning Jaques found out that there was an assassination/capture attempt on him that was thwarted by the queen herself; her most trusted advisor had been a member of the cult and was ready to strike during the night. The Queen had all of her guards in the dining hall the next morning and offered Jaques the ability to use any of their forms with their permission. Deciding it was best to protect himself, Jaques took on the form and personality of Jaqlynn, leaving his old persona behind.

The Queen let Old Spice know, in answer to his question, that to find a counter-agent to Lunasteel he'd have to either talk with Ravondil, king of the Fey, or Isa God of the Wilds. THe party also found out that pureblooded genasi (direct decendents of the royal elementals) were going missing, and that we should be on the guard for the sake of one of our members. We decided to go talk with Ravondil.

In the fey wilds, Ravondil's son, Valentine led the party to Ravondil's court, where Jaqlynn made her case stating why they were there. Ravodnil promised an amulet that could counter Lunasteel if they did a favor for him in lifting some curses placed on him/his family by the dark fey. After gathering some materials, and Old spice doing some soul searching at the grave of his mother, the party found out that Ravondil is actually The Ever Father, one of the first two Gods of Unteris. The Ever Father revealed that the cult is moving faster than anticpated and that Jaqlynn and the party need to hurry if the Hundreds of Eleven are to be saved. He materialized an amulet, as promised, and summoned Nix to fly them to the temple where the ritual is being performed. 

Inside the temple, Jaqlynn finds her old troupe, trapped in a cell of Lunasteel, dejected, but alive. She reveals who she is to the troupe, how far the party has come and frees them telling them to keep Jaques alive, but to not hesitate to find someone to take on the persona, as she isn't sure when she'll be able to again. The Hundreds hurry out of the temple as the party goes deeper, finding the cult on the opposite side of a pool finishing up the ritual being performed. As soon as the final words are uttered, a whirlpool errupts in the room, and Nympha, the dark water genasi deity and goddess of poison is released, rather than Maldea. The party is trapped in the whirlpool, a few of them becoming unconcsious, before being saved by a siren, a race thought to be just a myth of Unteris. The siren uses some magic and leads them to the ancient underwater kingdom of Koraqua.The royal family of Koraqua tells everyone that to seal Nympha back, Malak, Royal Water Elemental, would need to be talked with to figure out a plan. We also learned that the pureblood genasi going missing were being taken/invited to a tournament to decide the next leader of the genasi, the speaker for the Royals and that while not always, it was often a fight to the death.

We were taken back to the surface, close to the city of Golmars, in the South of Unteris, and a large trade city to find its streets empty and a 15 year old princess on the throne trying to maintain composure of herself. The city faced a terrible plague, that we determined came from a water source, and traced it back to Lagoona de Gemmes. It was in that cave that we found a Nympha Spawn, some create that had fallen off of Nympha herself, and casuing havoc on the town via polluting the water.
