The rest of the trip back to Golmars is rather quiet, as our band of travelers
makes their way back to Spirits on Tap to make plans of their next move.
Waiting for them there is none other than Vir Tabella, with a letter for Maxam
regarding information around the Siren's champion, Riven. It was said that he
did all in his power he could to help keep his people, the denizens of Mare,
safe up until the Joining of Unteris. When Mare sunk, Riven used his powers to
transform the citizens of Mare into merfolk, Sirens, to allow them to survive
the harsh waters, and entrusted his power in the form of an orb to Mother
Ocean, one of the deities of the sirens. At the new information, Din is sold,
and wants to get his hands on an orb of the champions himself, both for the
sake of knowing what these orbs can really do, and to keep the orbs from falling
into the hands of the Ballad of Champions.

After hearing the contents of the letter, Zerrias walks over to the bar, orders
5 bottles of wine and leaves to the confines of his room without much of a word
to anyone else. After what he had just gone through, the party decided it was
best to let him grieve in his own way for now. In the meantime, Ryllae and Din
headed back to the UMA offices to talk with Sariel about Gemflower. To Ryllae's
surprise, Sariel almost immediately believed them about Gemflower's involvement
with the Ballad of Champions and mentioned that he just left town this morning,
so following him may be difficult. Din asked about the names of celestials on
his list, and Sariel mentioned that she recognized one of them and that she'd
try to find whatever other information she could if it meant helping avenge her
clan in any extent. After receiving some words of encouragement, Ryllae and Din
made their way back to Spirits on Tap and Ryllae went to go check on Zerrias.

Already three and a half bottles in and not even an hour had past since buying
them, Ryllae cut Zerrias off as he believed his friend to not be in the right
mindset. After some apologies, vomiting, and words of encouragement, Ryllae
left the room to give Zerrias some time to sleep off his coming hangover,
taking the bottles with him. Back downstairs, Ryllae asked Din if he'd seen
E.V.E. but he had not. While this was all happening, Maxam stopped by Varis's
shop to discuss the plans on what to do with Irena.

As the group was about to head to All That Glitters to pick up their new "toy",
E.V.E. showed back up and was delighted to be asked to join them. Down at All
That Glitters, Jet was excited to show off Peggi, and Din was registered as one
of the two owners, as Ryllae wanted to speak with Embry about whom the other
should be before just doing so. While there, Jet was relieved to hear that he
no longer needed to work for Zyphie and was warned about the dangers of Vichor.
As it turns out, Jet had already worked with a sample of the stuff, having
bought it from Gemflower on the black market under the name of Viri Balm. He
was selling it as an alchemical solvent to grant resistances to whatever it was
applied to.

After swapping information with Jet, the group went to go see Toril about a job
he had posted for some flowers that he wanted picked a few miles South of
Golmars. Overall, it was a pretty standard job, but Toril did warn to watch out
for assassin vines. Din paused for a moment while speaking with Toril and asked
if the name Aster meant anything to him, but Toril just shrugged after a moment
and the topic was dropped. With Zerrias in a better condition, the party headed
off to pick some flowers!