E.V.E leading the way we find a passed out siren in a dirty room. Passed out, awoken by Zerrias, he also has a gem and a missing arm. He doesn’t know anything more about how he got here. Zerrias reveals dogs dropped crystals similar to ours.

E.V.E finds journal in room where we found Maxam. Contains experiment notes on all of us, I hide the one pertaining to me. We continue searching the rooms and find the remaining two dogs that attacked us earlier. We quickly dispatch them, collecting their gems, and find a silver key. It unlocks a door that leads to a room where Ryllae presses a button that lowers stairs from above leading outside.

We emerge at the base of a giant tree, surrounded by two streams. A pair of corrupted dogs loomed across the streams. We dispatch those quickly as well. And begin moving along. We come to some woods where Zerrias attempts to leave the group. As we watch him walk away, Ryllae following, we are surprised by 6 more corrupted dogs attacking us. Zerrias goes down very briefly before being enveloped in shadow and cackling madly. We are all scrambling to survive. We do but not by much

In the midst of battle Zerrias’ magic hit Ryllae prompting Embry to shoot a small mote of fire at the back of Zerrias’ head when he reached for Ryllae post battle. At that moment, the shadow form faded and a small argument ensued between Zerrias, Ryllae, and me. We left things unresolved for the night as Ryllae took the first night watch with E.V.E. Once first watch was done, Ryllae woke me up for my turn to handle the watch. It seemed eve did not need to sleep, so I had to stand guard with “her”. After some small conversation, I decided to give her a chance, seeing as it really does seem that we are in similar situations. When my watch was done, I awoke Zerrias for his turn with the machine.

In the morning, the party made amends and I asked more about Zerrias’ transformation. He told us to just stay out of its way. I climb a tree to get a good view of where we might be. I find that we are way north of starwood. As we make our way to town, its revealed that Zerrias has a connection to Ryllae, he hired Ryllae to investigate some "Zyphie Orchid", an apparently corrupt noble. After some quiet traveling, Embry gets uncomfortable and suggests a game of raven/rat/spider, cheating to beat Zerrias our of a couple of silver before arriving at starwood. We found out that it had been 8 days since we were at the festival. With everything going on I decided it was time to complete my druid ascension ritual. I tell the group 'Ill meet them later and go to the woods to do my ritual.

By the time I return, the group is discussing where to go next. Keygarde it is.
