When we return to the party they are exploring the basement where they woke up. As they set out, Zerrias suggests that E.V.E takes lead, to which there are no objections. Upon coming to a fork, they make their way into what seems to be a storage room, where they found a siren by the name of Maxam, who also had a gem embedded into their skin. Along with the siren, the party also found a slew of research notes, all in different languages and spread across the years, some dating as far back as the year 101. It seemed as well there were notes on each member of the party that had a gem embedded into them, though Zerrias and Embry quickly took their notes to be hidden from the rest of the party; there were also notes about gems and potions of similar color and design to the gems the party now "possess". After going over the notes, the party moved long the hallway to the north, taking the path that was initially ignore, and found the dogs that they had encountered earlier. Ryllae and Embry made quick work of them after having already faced these before. In the room where the dogs retreated to the party happened to find a key that went to an unknown door and an old photograph that E.V.E seemed to react to. After a few questions, the party headed back to the first room where the dogs were found and used the key to unlock a door and found a passage back to the surface, where they encountered more of the mutated dogs.

After dispatching this set, Zerrias bid the party good luck and made his way off, with Ryllae following close behind unbeknownst to him at the moment. Before long, the part was split into two smaller groups and surrounded by more dogs in a harrowing fight that included some friendly fire and not-so-friendly insults as Zerrias made use of his dread form again; E.V.E and Maxam managed their couple of dogs before coming to aid Embry, Ryllae, and Zerrias with the dog they had left. Once cleared out, Zerrias chewed Ryllae out for bringing up topics that Ryllae had no business bringing up, and went so far as to grab Ryllae by the collar with the arm he uses to fire off Eldritch Blasts. After cooling down, Ryllae convinced him that staying as a group while they exited the forest would be best and the party took a long rest. During the night, Ryllae and E.V.E, E.V.E and Emrby, and Zerrias and E.V.E, all had moments to have private conversations learning more about each other.

In the morning, some apologies were made between the members and Embry was able to get Zerrias to share about his dread form and mentioned it's really just best to stay out of "its" way when out. After some conversation, Zerrias also realized that he and Ryllae did know each other from a previous job Ryllae had taken around investigating a Zyphie Orchid, a corrupt nobel, at the behest of Zerrias. After travelling a bit in silence, Embry suggested a few of them play a game of Raven, Rat, Spider, and made a small winning off the game before the party arrived at Starwood village. The group stopped in the general store to pick up some supplies and found out that it had been eight days since the festival, then mosied on over to the inn for a meal and sleep after a long day of travel.
