After taking their rest at the end of the cave, footsteps could be heard coming
from the mouth. Maxam's mumbling and musings echoed off the cave walls, and Din
said he could go fetch him, to make sure he didn't get lost through the cave.
Maxam was informed about the statue to Pomdra, and offered some seaweed from his
swim, receiving a blue rose covered in crystal droplets. Din laid down a peacock
clover and received an item for Embry as well.

As Maxam backed up from the altar, Aster was able to properly introduce himself,
and as the party was once again fully reacquainted with each other, they headed
deeper into the cave looking for the treasure. As they ventured deeper, Aster
asked Maxam what he knew about Riven, eventually revealing that Riven was not
only the champion of the Syrens, but their creator and the reason they can
survive the harsh waters as well. Maxam, engaged in the conversation, pulled out
the notebook Din had picked up for him, and showed the drawing to Aster, who
pointed out drawings of Ribbea, Riven's best friend, and of Riven and his orb.

In a bit of a history lesson, Aster described a bit of the time of the faceless,
specifically nearing the end of the warring period, when Lectrum, the region
Tricen was the champion of, just vanished, and when Mare, Riven's region, sank
into the sea. As it sank, Riven used his powers to create a bubble around the
region to create the underwater kingdom the Syrens call home, and in doing so
allowed the faceless to take on a more aquatic form. When it was brought up that
Riven's Tear was not currently in the Syren's control, Aster gave a pause for
concern and made it clear that without that power, the Syrens would surely be
doomed.

As they explored deeper, Zerrias ended up taking lead again, after Din became
frustrated with the topics of conversation and took up watching the rear to
distance himself from Aster. As Zerrias moved on, he noticed a few water
elementals to the left of the river they were wading through. Ryllae suggested
taking Din's usual advice of everything not needing to be a fight, and as he was
about to walk the other way, Din summoned his shadow weapon and walked up to one
of the elementals.

The fight was brief, but in the middle of it, Aster seemed to disappear down
another route. When Zerrias was no longer engaged with either elemental, he
followed the path Aster went down to find him handling two more, seemingly on
his own. As Zerrias caught up and helped deal with one of the elementals, Aster
flashed a smile and released a blinding light, causing the other elemental to
evaporate on the spot.

Continuing down the path, Aster spotted, another person was spotted hiding in
the rocks. Din greeted her casually as Zerrias drew his rapier and pointed it to
her throat, with Ryllae tapping his temple while chastising Zerrias as they had
better ways to determine friends. Din, a little disgusted with both of their
responses, apologized for their rudeness and properly introduced himself. The
woman revealed that her name is Licianna, and that she didn't know how she got
into, just that there was a treasure at the end of it. As the treasure was
examined, Din found a painting of stars that had the engraving, "Here's what I
fish from the sea of stars. Let's see what I grab from this Time" in a note on
the back of it, seeming to be in Lady Fortuna's handwriting. Licianna mentioned
this is where she came from, and it came to light that she believed the current
year was 1367, two years ago. She also was in for a bit of a shock to find out
she was in Viridiem, not Monstera.

Din searched through more of the treasure, finding that half of the gold,
silver, and copper was fake, but also finding some gems and a few interesting
statues. There were also two other paintings, one of Din when he was alive, and
one of an adult humanoid swimming in darkness that supposedly can not be
destroyed. Din found one of the statues to be a pure black, marble-like figure
of a man with rotting hips and a wicked smile, and asked Zerrias to move it with
his Mage Hand, feeling cautious to touch it directly.

The conversation, took a turn to that of vichor, and Licianna mentioned that she
had a few gems of it in her backpack, once Ryllae showed the one embedded into
his temple. As luck, or fate, would have it, she and her own adventuring party
had already run into a few monsters afflicted with vichor mutations, though
nothing to the scale or quantity that this current party had.

Then, Licianna mentioned that her father was Keirahn, the God of Love, and Din
mentioned that she had no reason to worry about him being killed by the group.
Licianna laughed, and said she couldn't care less, and that if they did find
him, to tell him to find his family again. Then the group departed, Din secretly
tucking away the black statue, and everyone headed to the entrance where a
soulful howl could be heard and Zerrias sprinted off to greet Orpheus once
again.

Orpheus, glad to see Zerrias again, mentioned how he watched the boat and saw a
couple of figures with sharp teeth in the water. Those figures soon showed back
up wanting to talk with Maxam, as they were Syrens here on behalf of the letter
that was sent previously. Asking to meet in Golmars, they headed off and Maxam
informed the group that before heading to Keygarde and further, they'd need to
go back to Golmars one more time, both for the Syrens' request, and for
Zerrias's mission to end his parents.
