Before Nox became Monstera and even before Nox had an established name, the was
the Champion, Syn. It is said that his skin and hair were as pale as the
moonlight itself and his eyes as dark as shadows. It is said that he gave the
faceless of Nox form and the power to fight the monstrosities that lie in wake.
Even more so, he had the strength and the power to fend off the monstrosities
himself. Armed with a spear-like weapon and the magic of the moon itself.

There have been some documents of Syn throughout the years. Stories from word of
mouth mostly. Stories of how the Moon came down to fight off some vicious
creature. His powers could force demons and devils and other shape-shifters to
reveal their true form with moonbeams so concentrated that it burned anyone
within the area. And then, the other stories of how Syn channeled this radiant
energy inwards, calling upon the abilities of the beasts in his domain to aid
him. He was a sight to behold when he fought. Fierce and feral, yet calculating
all the same.

The only written document I could find with any information about him was a
painting with a note written on the back of it. Time had almost worn away the
message entirely, but I managed to decipher it.

"Under the True Moon will he return through a gift from the God of Beasts." The
mention of the God of Beasts, a savage Deity if I ever heard of one, seems odd.
Only through legends do we know of the Champions, but this painting and the note
seems to push past mere legend. And yet, I have no other research to show. The
True Moon is during Perfero, but where would this Champion return if he does? I
have been all over Monstera and I have yet to find anything that could lead to
finding the Moon on Unteris.
