After waking Zerrias and Licianna up from their naps, Ryllae corralled the kids
and everyone headed off to go do some shopping for new clothes. On the way out,
Zerrias mentioned that Orpheus seems to now leave little scorch marks where he
goes, and talked to Licianna about how she punched him, filling Azreal in on
the details of what he missed while he was tending to the horses. At The
Dreaming Blossom, Coco LeBouf took the kids' measurements and was able to
provide some fur coats as well as promising to have the clothes done by the
next morning. Licianna and Zerrias also commissioned some new clothes to replace
their old garments and Zerrias learned that either the tinkerer, the jeweler, or
the alchemist might be able to help with boots for Orpheus.

After finishing up at the tailor, everyone followed Ryllae to The Tree of
Knowledge Library where most of them went into Pence's office to find him
bundled up in a blanket and pillow fort to keep as warm as possible. After
justifying his absence of the past month, Ryllae requested that Pence and
Quilgon teach the kids how to read and write, and promised to pay whatever he
needed to for tuition, plus stories to fill novels of the travels they've had
so far and have yet to come. After deliberating for a moment, Pence agreed, but
made Ryllae promise to stop calling him "sir" and mentioned that if he could
teach a troll to read, a couple of kids would not be a problem.

While in the office, Zero would not stop trying to get to Pence, even playfully
biting his tail, and, silently, asking to be lifted up repeatedly. Ryllae, in a
moment of curiosity, proposed using his gem to see if they could find out more
about what Zero was thinking, but Zerrias protested giving the vichor more
power by drawing on it, and Pence suggested the use of a scroll to provide a
similar effect. Zerrias. being the magically adept one in the room, read from
the scroll and learned of part of Zero's past, from playing with a naga that
looked similar to Pence, though older, and a woman who looked remarkably like
Zero, to a rather gruesome scene of a boot on his neck, choking and gasping for
air while Kai could be heard screaming in the background. Once the information
was relayed to Pence, it seemed that Zero might be his nephew, the son of his
brother Tai, who lives up in Monstera. Last that Pence knew, they were alive,
but he had not talked to his brother in a couple of years, so there's no
telling what may have happened.

Zerrias brought up some of the changes he was going through thanks to his
pact with Ophiucus, and he and Pence spent some time discussing anatomy and
theorizing what the new fangs might eventually be able to do. During the
conversation, Ryllae slipped out, realizing that they needed to get the cart's
wheels replaced to better handle the snow and went to A Cut Above the Rest to
order the modifications, leaving everyone else at the library. Licianna struck
up a conversation with Quilgon about books on history, specifically of the past
two years, and learned that the clerics and disciples of the God of Love are in
the middle of a feud with the God of Luck. Quilgon even mentioned that he gave
Ryllae a book on the material; he also mentioned the regional phenomena
plaguing the continent, and hoped that the group was going to take care of the
snow like Ryllae had told him earlier. After Zerrias finished his conversation
with Pence, he found a few picture books to read with Orpheus, and picked up
the _How to Make Friends for Dummies_ book he had asked for a month ago.

After finishing up at the library, everyone headed back to The Last Drop where
dinner was had and Ryllae provided a pouch of 50 gold to Kai as, as he called
it, a month's pay in advance, to help make sure she could provide for the kids
and herself. After everyone had headed to their room for the night, Zerrias
also sought out Kai and gave her another 50 gold to spend on herself, not for
provisions for everyone, to make sure that she still felt like her own person
and not solely as a caretaker.

The night was calm and the morning came without issue. Quilgon, as promised,
took the kids to The Dreaming Blossom to get their new clothes and then to the
library to start their tuition, and the rest of the group headed off towards
Lifewell Loch. The trip out there was quiet, with mostly just the whipping wind
providing the soundtrack to their ride. With the new sleigh treads, travel was
much quicker than it was with the wheels, and once at the Loch, the wind had
died down a good bit as they entered the eye of the storm. Strangely enough,
there was a cabin that had never been there before, and the Loch was entirely
frozen over in the area where they stopped traveling.

Maxam, Zerrias, and Ryllae went into the cabin to start looking around, where
Ryllae found some incredibly fresh ingredients, vegetables and meats like
someone was making a meal, but they were frozen solid with no sign of
frostbite. Zerrias and Maxam started to look through the rooms of the cabin,
and Zerrias found a small blue gem while Maxam found a rug that had no frost
covering it, unlike the rest of the furniture in the house. While they were
exploring the inside, Licianna and Azreal stayed outside to keep a watchful eye
on the surroundings, until they heard some sort of bone chilling roar that made
them feel like heading into the house was a safer idea. They met up with Maxam
as he discovered the rug and found that under the rug was a passage.

As Zerrias picked up the gem, he had a vision, almost like reliving a memory,
of a small boy with white hair giving six gifts to one large white hart, as if
celebrating the holiday Dodiem. When Zerrias relayed this to Ryllae, who came
to check up on him in the first room, Ryllae recalled that it was the 14th of
Cantus, the holiday of Spirit's Remembrance, a day to remember past loved ones
honor them with music, food, and being in good company. Ryllae and Zerrias made
their way to the room with the others and everyone went into the passage,
sliding down a long tunnel into an icy cavern underground.

Strange as it was, the ice was not difficult for anyone to walk on, and Zerrias
noticed that as they walked through the cavern, the gem he was carrying glowed
brighter in certain directions, leading everyone as to where to go. As Zerrias
walked into one of the hallways, he found another blue gem in the middle of a
strange structure of rocks, and as he went to pick it up, he seemingly vanished
from sight. Ryllae quickly followed after him, with Maxam in tow, and Azreal
and Licianna following in the rear, weary of what was to happen to them. On the
other side rocky structure, everyone saw a young boy, with white hair, just
like the boy in Zerrias's vision, wielding a glaive with many reptilian
creatures starting to close in on him. Everyone got into battle positions, and
fought valiantly against the unknown enemies, eventually coming out as the
victors of the skirmish. Once all of the reptile were defeated, Zerrias called
out for Noah, but he didn't respond. Instead, a couple of soldiers showed up
and spoke to Noah, completely ignoring the party, about how they weren't sure
how they could take on more of these things, and that they kept multiplying in
numbers. All that Noah said in response is that he would take care of it, and
after that, the group was back in the icy cavern they were in before. It would
seems that these creatures might be related to the monster Noah sealed away in
the Black Ice Lake all those years ago.
